XO niggas ain't nothin' to mess with Nobody stoppin' us, oh no, we destined - Tell Your Friends (MET Gala Remix) by The Weeknd (Ft. Nas)
This ain't some lil' yachty - K-POP by Travis Scott (Ft. Bad Bunny & The Weeknd)
Rest in peace to Kiing Shooter - Die for It by Belly & The Weeknd (Ft. Nas)
Oh Katy, oh Noah, I know that you gon' hear this - Shot For Me by The Kid LAROI
It's 'cause we blowing like a C4 Got my whole crew blowin' like a C4 - Crew Love by Drake (Ft. The Weeknd)
I come from murder one, brung late night melee - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I just wanna see you shine 'cause I know you are a stargirl I just wanna see you shine 'cause I know you are a stargirl I just wanna see you shine 'cause I know you are a stargirl I just wanna see you shine 'cause I know you are a stargirl - Stargirl Interlude by The Weeknd (Ft. Lana Del Rey)
Bitch, I got the juice and the carbine - Low Life by Future (Ft. The Weeknd)
And I know right now that we're not talkin' (Not talkin') I hope you know this dick is still an option 'Cause I'll beat it up (I'll beat it up, yeah) I took my time to learn the way your body functions - Wasted Times by The Weeknd
All red dress with the devil eyes (She loves) So obsessed with the camera lights (She loves) - False Alarm by The Weeknd
Scopin' through the lens, these thoughts is in my mind Got me on the drive, got me on the ride to a wonderful time - wonderful by Travis Scott (Ft. The Weeknd)
I only call you when it's half-past five The only time that I'll be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah I only call you when it's half-past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe - The Hills by The Weeknd
Oh yeah, yeah I just hit a lick, and I know you feelin' some way (Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah) I just took that chick, and I know you feelin' some way, oh yeah She just want a nigga like me, you feelin' some way, way, way She just want a nigga like me, I play no - Some Way by NAV (Ft. The Weeknd)
Had me crushin', I was cuffin' like the precinct - Creepin' by Metro Boomin, The Weeknd & 21 Savage
[Intro: Ericka Lee] - Marvins Room by Drake
She says, "I know you changed I never see you 'cause you're always busy doin' things" I really wish she had a different way of viewin' things - Shot for Me by Drake
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la I'm so gone, so gone Bring out the glass tables (Ooh, ooh) Bring the 707 out La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la I'm so gone, so gone Bring out the glass tables (Ooh, ooh) Bring the 707 out La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la I'm so gone, so gone Bring out the glass tables (La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) (Ooh, ooh) Bring the 707 out La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la I'm so gone, so gone Bring out the glass tables Bring the 707 out (La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) Bring the 707 out (La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) Bring the 707 out (La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) - House of Balloons / Glass Table Girls by The Weeknd
I'm tryna keep that pussy wet (Ooh, yeah) - Or Nah (Remix) by Ty Dolla $ign (Ft. Mustard, The Weeknd & Wiz Khalifa)
'Cause you know me Girl, you know me You already know me Yeah, you know me - Reminder by The Weeknd
I've been sober for a year, now it's time for me To go back to my old ways, don't you cry for me Thought I'd be a better man, but I lied to me and to you - Faith by The Weeknd
[Outro] - Adaptation by The Weeknd
Let a nigga brag Pitt Legend of the fall, took the year like a bandit - Starboy by The Weeknd (Ft. Daft Punk)
I'm like, got up, thank the Lord for the day Woke up by a girl, I don't even know her name Woke up by a girl, I don't even know her name (Woke up, woke up by a girl, I don't even know her name) Got up, thank the Lord for the day Woke up by a girl, I don't even know her name Woke up by a girl, I don't even know her name (Woke up, woke up by a girl, I don't even know her name) - Party Monster by The Weeknd
There comes a time in a man's life Where he must take responsibility For the choices he has made And there are certain things that he must do Things that he must say - Valerie by The Weeknd
Dropped out of school, but I'm that one at Yale - Hurricane by Kanye West & The Weeknd (Ft. Lil Baby)
I'ma let you know and keep it simple Tryna keep it up don't seem so simple I just fucked two bitches 'fore I saw you And you gon' have to do it at my tempo - The Hills by The Weeknd
Cause I've been gone, I've been gone I've been gone, I've been gone - Gone by The Weeknd
And now I know relationship's my enemy So stay away from me - Hurt You by The Weeknd & Gesaffelstein
You're professional - Professional by The Weeknd
They recognized They just recognize I'm in a life without a home so this recognition's not enough I don't care about nobody else 'Cause I've been on these streets for too long, too long, too long Baby, I've been on this too long - Rolling Stone by The Weeknd
Good girls go to heaven And bad girls go everywhere - Wanderlust by The Weeknd
Well, this place is never what it seems Take me out LA Take me out of LA This place will be the end of me Take me out LA Take me out of LA, yeah - Escape From LA by The Weeknd
And tonight I will love you And tomorrow you won't care - Wanderlust by The Weeknd
In the night, she hears him calling (Yeah) In the night, she's dancin' to relieve the pain (To relieve the pain) She'll never walk away (No-no-no-no-no) I don't think you understand (Hey) In the night, when she comes crawlin' (Ooh) Dollar bills and tears keep fallin' down her face (It's fallin' down her face) She'll never walk away I don't think you understand - In the Night by The Weeknd
I know you're rolling hard with it, don't lie I know it's got a hold of you I know you're rolling with it Baby, don't you lie, baby I know you're rolling hard with it, don't lie I know it's got a hold of you I know you're rolling with it Baby, don't you lie, baby - The Birds Pt. 1 by The Weeknd
Girl, if your man call your phone again Girl, if your man call your phone again - Twenty Eight by The Weeknd
Dropped out of school, but I'm that one at Yale - Hurricane by Kanye West & The Weeknd (Ft. Lil Baby)
Baby, please Would you end your night with me? Don't you leave me all behind Don't you leave my little life Don't you leave my little lie - Echoes of Silence by The Weeknd
'Cause I'm heartless (Ooh) And I'm back to my ways 'cause I'm heartless All this money and this pain got me heartless Low life for life 'cause I'm heartless Said I'm heartless Tryna be a better man, but I'm heartless Never be a weddin' plan for the heartless Low life for life 'cause I'm heartless - Heartless by The Weeknd
You're cryin' out behind the smiles - Hardest To Love by The Weeknd
And I'ma love you, girl, the way you need Ain't no one gon' stop us, ain't no one gon' stop us And I'ma give you, girl, what you fiend I'm the drug in your veins, just fight through the pain - What You Need by The Weeknd
Every time you see me pullin' up in Aventadors Just know we been grindin' on them sidewalks - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I was running away from facin' reality, uh - After Hours by The Weeknd
I hear the secrets that you keep When you're talkin' in your sleep I hear the secrets that you keep, keep, keep When you're talk, talkin', talkin' I hear the secrets that you keep When you're talkin' in your sleep I hear the secrets that you keep, keep, keep When you're talk, talkin', talkin' - Secrets by The Weeknd
Keanu Reeves, way a nigga speed - Escape From LA by The Weeknd
When I'm coming down is the most I feel alone - Faith by The Weeknd
I got a lotta cash I don't mind spending it - Or Nah (Remix) by Ty Dolla $ign (Ft. Mustard, The Weeknd & Wiz Khalifa)
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up Can't let them get to me And even though I always fuck my life up Only I can mention me - FML by Kanye West (Ft. The Weeknd)
Only my mother could love me for me - Dark Times by The Weeknd (Ft. Ed Sheeran)
Valerie (Oh, Valerie) - Valerie by The Weeknd
As I go out to sea, I can walk on water Won't you shine Your light? Demons talk on my shoulder Father, hold me close, don't let me drown I know You won't - Hurricane by Kanye West & The Weeknd (Ft. Lil Baby)
I don't wanna wake up (Yeah) - WAKE UP by Travis Scott (Ft. The Weeknd)
But don't you know (Don't you know) Remember when I told you (Told you) I would never let down my guard? And I hope you (Hope you) Feel like dirt when I hold you (Hold you) - The Hills (Eminem Remix) by The Weeknd (Ft. Eminem)
There's no more night, blue skies forever - Lust for Life by Lana Del Rey (Ft. The Weeknd)
Until they book a show in NYC Gotta fly back east where the city don't sleep - Kiss Land by The Weeknd
I can't, can't believe you want me After all the heartbreaks, after all I've done, oh-oh-oh (Oh, oh, oh) No, I can't, can't believe you trust me (Trust me) After all the rough days, you still call me up (Me up, oh-oh-oh) - Hardest To Love by The Weeknd
I'm sad that I can't satisfy Yeah, I pray that I get it right this time Maybe we'll be alright - Smile by Juice WRLD & The Weeknd
And he gave me somethin' to pop And I mix it up with some Adderall's And I wait to get to the top - Kiss Land by The Weeknd
I could slide for it, like Nelly (Like Nelly) I'ma go as far as you let me (Yeah, yeah) - Or Nah (Remix) by Ty Dolla $ign (Ft. Mustard, The Weeknd & Wiz Khalifa)
He knows how to get the best out of me - One Of The Girls by The Weeknd, JENNIE & Lily-Rose Depp
Bathroom stalls for the powder nose (She loves) - False Alarm by The Weeknd
[Verse 1: The Weeknd] - Wanderlust by The Weeknd
[Verse 2: The Weeknd] - Smile by Juice WRLD & The Weeknd
I don't drink my liquor wit' a chase in That money is the only thing I'm chasin' - Tell Your Friends by The Weeknd
She always leaves the man she loves But the diamonds are forever She always seems to be alone But the diamonds make it better - False Alarm by The Weeknd
Sandpaper kisses, papercut bliss (Oh, my love) Don't know what this is, but it all leads to this You're gonna leave her (If she only knew) You have deceived her You're just a bird Just a bird  [Outro] Just a bird (Just a bird) Just a bird (Just a bird) Just a bird (Just a bird) Just a bird (Just a bird) Just a bird (Just a bird) Just a bird - The Birds Pt. 2 by The Weeknd
Baby, leave them high-heel shoes 'Cause I love it when you're looking down at me I'm looking up at you And I don't give a damn, shawty Watch me knock your boots off - What You Need by The Weeknd
But until then Baby, I got you, ooh I got you, oh, ohh Girl, I still got you, oh-ohh And I got you, ooh, woah - Rolling Stone by The Weeknd
P1 cleaner than your church shoes, ah Milli point two just to hurt you, ah - Starboy by The Weeknd (Ft. Daft Punk)
I'm findin' ways to manipulate the feelin' you're goin' through But, baby girl, I'm not blamin' you Just don't blame me, too, yeah 'Cause I can't take this pain forever - Die For You by The Weeknd
Amphetamine got my stummy feelin' sickly - Heartless by The Weeknd
In your eyes You lie, but I don't let it define you Oh, define you - In Your Eyes by The Weeknd
Now you're thinkin' 'bout it Girl you're thinkin' 'bout it What we got here How we fuckin' got here - Rolling Stone by The Weeknd
I hope you find somebody (Ooh) I hope you find somebody (Ooh) I hope you find somebody (Ooh) I hope you find somebody to love Somebody to love Somebody to love Yeah, yeah, yeah - Angel by The Weeknd
I can't tell no one, but they all know - You Right by Doja Cat & The Weeknd
They say my brain meltin' And the only thing I'll tell 'em is I'm livin' for the present and the future don't exist So, baby, take your clothes off, a chance like this You may never get to show off, show off - Loft Music by The Weeknd
Girl, come show me your true colors Paint me a picture with your true colors These are the questions of a new lover True colors, true colors (Oh, baby) Girl, come show me your true colors (True) Paint me a picture with your true colors (True) These are confessions of a new lover (True) True colors - True Colors by The Weeknd
And I seen her get rich hittin' the pole I've seen her, I knew she had to know I've seen her take down that tequila Down by the liter, I knew I had to meet her - Party Monster by The Weeknd
You love her, but you can't deny (She loves) The truth, the truth - False Alarm by The Weeknd
In your eyes I see there's something burning inside you Oh, inside you In your eyes I know it hurts to smile, but you try to Oh, you try to - In Your Eyes by The Weeknd
Listen, ma, I'll give you all I got Get me off of this (off of this), I need confidence (confidence)  in myself (Ooh, eh, ehh) Listen, ma, I'll give you all of me (Ooh) Give me all of it, I need all of it to myself (I need all of it) - Wicked Games by The Weeknd
I feel it comin', I feel it comin', babe I feel it comin', I feel it comin', babe I feel it comin', I feel it comin', babe I feel it comin', I feel it comin', babe I feel it comin', I feel it comin', babe I feel it comin', I feel it comin', babe I feel it comin', I feel it comin', babe I feel it comin', I feel it comin', babe - I Feel It Coming by The Weeknd (Ft. Daft Punk)
You said you don’t belong You keep saying there’s no one And there’s no where to go But who keeps calling on your phone? - Twenty Eight by The Weeknd
That runway can be cold, especially after summer's rolled on - The Ride by Drake (Ft. The Weeknd)
When I got on stage, she swore I was six feet tall But when she put it in her mouth She can't seem to reach my - Kiss Land by The Weeknd
That's real life, oh, oh-oh Real life, ooh Mama talking that real life, oh, oh-oh That real life, real life, real life, real life - Real Life by The Weeknd
I got a lotta cash I don't mind spending it - Or Nah (Remix) by Ty Dolla $ign (Ft. Mustard, The Weeknd & Wiz Khalifa)
[Pre-Chorus] - Can't Feel My Face by The Weeknd
And a lust for life (And a lust for life) And a lust for life (And a lust for life) Keeps us alive (Keeps us alive) Keeps us alive (Keeps us alive) And a lust for life (And a lust for life) And a lust for life (And a lust for life) Keeps us alive (Keeps us alive) Keeps us alive (Keeps us alive) - Lust for Life by Lana Del Rey (Ft. The Weeknd)
See this in 3D, all lights out for me - Hurricane by Kanye West & The Weeknd (Ft. Lil Baby)
Baby (I want you) Baby, who you tryna fool Girl, I might be twenty-one, but I got memories to prove That I've seen your kind before And I know exactly what you want - Next by The Weeknd
And I got two red pills to take the blues away, oh - Privilege by The Weeknd
And long for that ignorant Young Money Miami Beach shit - Club Paradise by Drake
I know your motives and you know mine The ones that love me, I tend to leave behind - Love Me Harder by Ariana Grande & The Weeknd
Pluto don't dance, but I make moves (Keep comin') - Comin Out Strong by Future (Ft. The Weeknd)
Girl, come show me your true colors Paint me a picture with your true colors These are the questions of a new lover True colors, true colors (Oh, baby) Girl, come show me your true colors (True) Paint me a picture with your true colors (True) These are confessions of a new lover (True) True colors - True Colors by The Weeknd
I hope you find somebody (Ooh) I hope you find somebody (Ooh) I hope you find somebody (Ooh) I hope you find somebody to love Somebody to love Somebody to love Yeah, yeah, yeah - Angel by The Weeknd
Tired of seein' these black kids on the face of FOX (Oh-oh-oh) And fuck CNN, they don't wanna see us win (Say it loud) - Pray 4 Love by Travis Scott (Ft. The Weeknd)
She says, "I know you changed I never see you 'cause you're always busy doin' things" I really wish she had a different way of viewin' things - Shot for Me by Drake
Getting sober for a day got me feeling too low (Oh) - Live For by The Weeknd (Ft. Drake)
You probably could have had it all You could have been that lonely star If we just went on - Montreal by The Weeknd
Guess I was just another pit stop 'Til you made up your mind You just wasted my time - Call Out My Name by The Weeknd
The way you walk, that's me The way you talk, that's me The way you got your hair up, did you forget that's me? - Shot for Me by Drake
Diamond cross hangin' off of me I'm fighting for my soul, Constantine - Escape From LA by The Weeknd
Momma called me cryin', cryin', cryin', cryin' 'Cause I won't find somebody that's real (She wants somebody that's real), yeah 'Cause every time I try to, try to, try to run The fast life keeps gaining on me (The fast life keeps gaining on me), sh-yeah - Acquainted by The Weeknd
When I look inside the mirror and see someone I love Oh, someone I love - Faith by The Weeknd
Mama called me destructive, oh, yeah Said it'd ruin me one day, yeah 'Cause every woman that loved me, oh, yeah I seemed to push them away - Real Life by The Weeknd
Evictions on your door, blame it on the weed, blame it on the booze Blame it on the night life, light's passin' you, yeah - XO / The Host by The Weeknd
This ain't the right time for you to fall in love with me My baby, I'm just being honest, uh And I know my lies could never make you believe Running in circles, that's why - Dark Times by The Weeknd (Ft. Ed Sheeran)
Record man play my song on the radio You too busy tryna find that blue-eyed soul - Reminder by The Weeknd
Look at all that money The money is the motive (The money is the motive) All that money The money she be folding (The money she be folding) Girl, put in work, girl, girl, put in work Girl, put in work, girl, girl, put in work - The Morning by The Weeknd
So don't you fall in love Don't make me make you fall in love Don't make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me Nobody needs to fall in love I swear I'm just a bird Girl, I'm just another bird Don't make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me Like me (Like me) (Ohh) - The Birds Pt. 1 by The Weeknd
It's not gonna work for you Nobody can equal me (I know) - Unforgettable by French Montana (Ft. Swae Lee)
All my diamonds hitting like they Swae Lee - Snowchild by The Weeknd
I'm findin' ways to manipulate the feelin' you're goin' through But, baby girl, I'm not blamin' you Just don't blame me, too, yeah 'Cause I can't take this pain forever - Die For You by The Weeknd
Then watch us chase it With a handful of pills, no chasers - House of Balloons / Glass Table Girls by The Weeknd
But I just got the picture that you texted to me - Try Me by The Weeknd
She asked me if I do this every day, I said, "Often" Asked how many times she rode the wave, "Not so often" (Baby) Bitches down to do it either way, often Baby, I can make that pussy rain, often Often, often, girl, I do this often Make that pussy poppin', do it how I want it Often, often, girl, I do this often Make that pussy poppin', do it how I want it Often - Often by The Weeknd
In my dark time, taking it down to the street Making those promises that I would never keep In my dark time, this is all I could be - Dark Times by The Weeknd (Ft. Ed Sheeran)
I pray that the demons go away, they hauntin' us Man, I can't take no more of this lifestyle we been livin' Man, I can't take no more of the white powers in position - Pray 4 Love by Travis Scott (Ft. The Weeknd)
So if I love you (If I love you) It'd be just for you (It'd be just for you) So when I'm touchin' you (Touchin' you) Can I trust in you? (Trust in you) Can I trust in you? Oh, babe (Trust in you) - True Colors by The Weeknd
And the girl you fuckin' hates you and your friends faded off shots of What you ordered to forget about the game that you on top of - The Ride by Drake (Ft. The Weeknd)
I'm fucking gone right now I'm fucking gone right now "Listen, listen" - The Morning by The Weeknd
[Bridge: Fox the Fox] - Wanderlust by The Weeknd
[Chorus: The Weeknd] - Hurricane by Kanye West & The Weeknd (Ft. Lil Baby)
She asked me if I do this every day, I said, "Often" Asked how many times she rode the wave, "Not so often" Bitches down to do it either way, often (Bitches down to do it either way) Baby, I can make that pussy rain, often (Oh, oh-oh-oh) Often, often, girl, I do this often Make that pussy poppin', do it how I want it Often, often, girl, I do this often Make that pussy poppin', do it how I want it Often - Often by The Weeknd
In the night, she hears him calling In the night, she's dancin' to relieve the pain She'll never walk away I don't think you understand In the night, when she comes crawlin' (Yeah) Dollar bills and tears keep fallin' down her face (Fallin' down her face) She'll never walk away I don't think you understand - In the Night by The Weeknd
I got everything you want with me I do everything he does times three And he don't gotta know I got you on the floor Doing things you never thought you'd do - What You Need by The Weeknd
Tell 'em this boy wasn't meant for lovin', uh Tell 'em this heart doesn't stay to one - Real Life by The Weeknd
But I just got the picture that you texted to me - Try Me by The Weeknd
May your neighbors respect you Trouble neglect you Angels protect you And Heaven accept you - Shot for Me by Drake
Momma called me cryin', cryin', cryin', cryin' 'Cause I won't find somebody that's real (She wants somebody that's real), yeah 'Cause every time I try to, try to, try to run The fast life keeps gaining on me (The fast life keeps gaining on me), sh-yeah - Acquainted by The Weeknd
I try to find a reason to pull us apart It ain't workin' 'cause you're perfеct And I know that you're worth it I can't walk away, oh - Die For You (Remix) by The Weeknd & Ariana Grande
In your eyes You lie, but I don't let it define you Oh, define you - In Your Eyes by The Weeknd
Pussy so good, had to save that shit for later - Or Nah (Remix) by Ty Dolla $ign (Ft. Mustard, The Weeknd & Wiz Khalifa)
I said, ooh, I'm blinded by the lights No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch I said, ooh, I'm drowning in the night Oh, when I'm like this, you're the one I trust Hey, hey, hey - Blinding Lights by The Weeknd
I reminisce my life innocence or life innocent Or life intimate, with fame - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
No, 'cause it's just love It always makes its way back around It's dispensable To fall is unacceptable - Professional by The Weeknd
I choose Vegas if they offer Heaven's gate - Faith by The Weeknd
I'll be making love to her through you So let me keep my eyes closed - The Zone by The Weeknd (Ft. Drake)
And steal your mother's debit card so you maintain an image And ride around in overpriced rental cars that ain't tinted - The Ride by Drake (Ft. The Weeknd)
Paparazzi tryna catch me slippin' - Snowchild by The Weeknd
I understand, your body wants it I know your thoughts, oh you 'bout it, 'bout it You're a big girl, and it's your world And I'ma let you do it how you wanna - The Party & The After Party by The Weeknd
Nigga, we the new Aftermath - Remember You by Wiz Khalifa (Ft. The Weeknd)
I'd do anything in my power to see you just smile I want you to prosper and come proper Even if that means I ain't by your side I'd do anything in my power to see you just smile I want you to prosper and come proper Even if that means I ain't by your side - Smile by Juice WRLD & The Weeknd
Got a sweet Asian chick, she go lo mein (Oh-oh-oh) - Reminder by The Weeknd
So, baby, don't go home I don't wanna spend tonight alone - Echoes of Silence by The Weeknd
You said you want me But I remember who you are And girl, it wasn't long ago Didn't think I'd go this far - XO / The Host by The Weeknd
Who gon' pray for me? (Who gon' pray for me?) Take my pain for me? (Take my pain for me?) Save my soul for me? (Save my soul for me?) 'Cause I'm alone, you see ('Cause I'm alone, you see) If I'm gon' die for you (If I'm gon' die for you) If I'm gon' kill for you (If I'm gon' kill for you) Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Sandpaper kisses, papercut bliss (Oh, my love) Don't know what this is, but it all leads to this You're gonna leave her (If she only knew) You have deceived her You're just a bird Just a bird  [Outro] Just a bird (Just a bird) Just a bird (Just a bird) Just a bird (Just a bird) Just a bird (Just a bird) Just a bird (Just a bird) Just a bird - The Birds Pt. 2 by The Weeknd
And a lust for life (And a lust for life) And a lust for life (And a lust for life) Keeps us alive (Keeps us alive) Keeps us alive (Keeps us alive) And a lust for life (And a lust for life) And a lust for life (And a lust for life) Keeps us alive (Keeps us alive) Keeps us alive (Keeps us alive) - Lust for Life by Lana Del Rey (Ft. The Weeknd)
But I chose the lie I chose the life Then I realized She might have been the one I let it go For a little fun - Adaptation by The Weeknd
Since I been 20, on that lean, baby girl - Drunk In Love (Remix) by The Weeknd
So don't be scared to live again Be scared to live again I said don't be scared to live again Be scared to live again (Oh) - Scared To Live by The Weeknd
The way I kissed your scars The way I fixed your heart, oh - Try Me by The Weeknd
Getting sober for a day got me feeling too low (Oh) - Live For by The Weeknd (Ft. Drake)
That's real life, (Real life) oh, oh-oh Real life, ooh (Real life) Mama talking that real life, oh, oh-oh That real life, (Real life) real life, real life, real life - Real Life by The Weeknd
I can feel that body shake And the heat between your legs - I Feel It Coming by The Weeknd (Ft. Daft Punk)
Insomnia relieve, oh - After Hours by The Weeknd
I try to hide it in my face And it don't work, you see through That I just wanna get with you - You Right by Doja Cat & The Weeknd
Old rapping ass Light years past the class - Remember You by Wiz Khalifa (Ft. The Weeknd)
She work for the money She work for the money She work for the money She work for the money - 6 Inch by Beyoncé (Ft. The Weeknd)
But If he goes under that 110, believe my driver get fired - Kiss Land by The Weeknd
There's no more night, blue skies forever - Lust for Life by Lana Del Rey (Ft. The Weeknd)
You don't know what's in store But you know what you're here for Close your eyes, lay yourself beside me (Ooh) - High for This by The Weeknd
I don't wanna hurt you But you live for the pain I'm not tryna say it But it's what you became You want me to fix you But it's never enough That's why you always call me 'Cause you're scared to be loved, uh - Shameless by The Weeknd
In my dark times, I've still got some problems, I know Drivin' too fast but just movin' too slow And I've got something I've been trying to let go of Pullin' me back every time - Dark Times by The Weeknd (Ft. Ed Sheeran)
You're paranoid - Party Monster by The Weeknd
Enjoy your privileged life 'Cause I'm not gonna hold you through the night - Privilege by The Weeknd
You talkin' money, need a hearin' aid You talkin' 'bout me, I don't see the shade Switch up my style, I take any lane I switch up my cup, I kill any pain - Starboy by The Weeknd (Ft. Daft Punk)
I'm just sayin' you could do better Tell me, have you heard that lately? I'm just sayin' you could do better And I'll start hatin' only if you make me - Marvins Room by Drake
Babe, call out my name (Say call out my name, baby) Girl call out my name and I'll be on my way And, I'll be on my— - Call Out My Name by The Weeknd
'Cause you thought there was more to us But you knew how this would end It's gonna end how you expected Girl, you're such a masochist And I ask why - Echoes of Silence by The Weeknd
Girl, I'll come to put myself between your legs Not between your heart - Hurt You by The Weeknd & Gesaffelstein
I been livin' without limits As far as my business I'm the only one that's in control - FML by Kanye West (Ft. The Weeknd)
Now, ooh, boy, I'll make you feel You'll always come back to me Come back, come back Come back, come back Come back, come back - 6 Inch by Beyoncé (Ft. The Weeknd)
Met you once under a Pisces moon - Save Your Tears (Remix) by The Weeknd & Ariana Grande
I’m so wrong, I’m so wrong (To let you in my) To let you in my home (Now you know where I sleep) Now you know where I sleep (Never felt so damn weak) - Twenty Eight by The Weeknd
And not a thing goes down without permission Look, everything I got on I was made for Everything that I got I done came for All the shit that you see I done slaved for All the cars and the crib, yeah, that's paid for Need I say more? - Remember You by Wiz Khalifa (Ft. The Weeknd)
"I swear, you don't know this city anymore They might have loved you before But you're out here doing your thing, they don't know you" - Club Paradise by Drake
Wipe the lust from your eyes I see that you're not mine I can see the lust in your eyes (Wipe the) You can't hide it (Lust from your eyes) You can't be the one, I rely (I see) We're divided (That you're not mine) - Secrets by The Weeknd
I just want your body Ridin' slow on top of me, girl, on top of me - Too Late by The Weeknd
But I'ma drink the pain away, I'll be back to my old ways - Privilege by The Weeknd
Apartment 1503, some couches and paintings Where you record with two others that want the same things Yeah, it start to feel better than home feels - The Ride by Drake (Ft. The Weeknd)
(Laisse tomber les filles, laisse tomber les filles) - Montreal by The Weeknd
I went to the hills straight from the trap - Some Way by NAV (Ft. The Weeknd)
'Cause if you cheat on him Just means I will be the next to be your ex So no complexities, just sex And don't lecture me, just accept that... - The Hills (Eminem Remix) by The Weeknd (Ft. Eminem)
If she take her titties out, do you expect checks? - SKELETONS by Travis Scott (Ft. Pharrell Williams & The Weeknd)
Shots of the Henny, bottles of Patrón - XO / The Host by The Weeknd
I've been hearin' different stories about you - True Colors by The Weeknd
I almost cut a piece of myself for your life - Call Out My Name by The Weeknd
I hear the secrets that you keep When you're talkin' in your sleep I hear the secrets that you keep, keep, keep When you're talk, talkin', talkin' I hear the secrets that you keep When you're talkin' in your sleep I hear the secrets that you keep, keep, keep When you're talk, talkin', talkin' - Secrets by The Weeknd
And I was told once, things will change By a nigga named Tip when my deal came - Club Paradise by Drake
I had a vision A vision of my nails in the kitchen Scratchin' counter tops, I was screamin' - Stargirl Interlude by The Weeknd (Ft. Lana Del Rey)
I'm a Big Tymer nigga, yeah, money flipper, yeah - Practice by Drake
I had a vision A vision of my nails in the kitchen Scratchin' counter tops, I was screamin' - Stargirl Interlude by The Weeknd (Ft. Lana Del Rey)
I understand, your body wants it I know your thoughts, oh you 'bout it, 'bout it You're a big girl, and it's your world And I'ma let you do it how you wanna - The Party & The After Party by The Weeknd
[Chorus] - Secrets by The Weeknd
Reason why they stressing, city never sunny - King of the Fall by The Weeknd
[Crying/Gunshot] - The Birds Pt. 2 by The Weeknd
It's hard to tell the real stories from the fake ones (Yeah, comin') 'Cause now days if they don't got it they'll make one (Still comin') - Comin Out Strong by Future (Ft. The Weeknd)
I'm just tryna get you high (I'm just tryin', babe) And faded off this touch - I Feel It Coming by The Weeknd (Ft. Daft Punk)
Yeah This the shit that I live for, this the shit that I'd die for - Live For by The Weeknd (Ft. Drake)
I know everything I know everything (Yeah) Everything (Yeah) I know everything (Everything) - The Knowing by The Weeknd
And we lost a lot of things in the fire (Fire) So it took a year for me to find out (Find out, find out) - Lost in the Fire by The Weeknd & Gesaffelstein
And I was told once, things will change By a nigga named Tip when my deal came - Club Paradise by Drake
(Laisse tomber les filles, laisse tomber les filles) - Montreal by The Weeknd
Maybe I've been always destined to end up in this place (Ahh) I don't mean to come off selfish, but I want it all (Want it all) Love will always be a lesson, let's get out of its way (Out of its way) 'Cause I know, all I know (Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah), all I know - Prisoner by The Weeknd (Ft. Lana Del Rey)
'Cause I love you And I need you I only want you And nobody's going to know if it's true 'Cause I love you And I need you I only want you And nobody's going to know if it's true - Valerie by The Weeknd
Burn a hole into your apprehensiveness And let the wildfire shine And repeat after me (like) - Wanderlust by The Weeknd
And I ain’t been this gone since Thursday (Thursday) - King of the Fall by The Weeknd
I couldn't help it, I put you through hell - Save Your Tears (Remix) by The Weeknd & Ariana Grande
I'm in the Spyder Porsche cruisin' down the street Black on black venom covered seats - Escape From LA by The Weeknd
I didn't know you were down for him finding out I thought you had some kind of love for your man Well, I'm not tryna break up something You've been workin' out, you've been steady But I'm ready to go all the way if you let me Don't you tempt me - Try Me by The Weeknd
Go on if you thirsty, baby, if you thirsty Grab a cup of that XO, baby, I been leaning Back from the come down, girl, I've been fiending For another round, don't you blame it on me - Initiation by The Weeknd
Nigga, we the new Aftermath - Remember You by Wiz Khalifa (Ft. The Weeknd)
These niggas, they been doin' too much flexin' And they about to call the wrong attention And I don't got no patience, no more testin' I do shit how I want, don't need no blessin' - Tell Your Friends by The Weeknd
It's ideal, oh You need someone to tell you how to feel And you think your happiness is real There's so much more the world has to reveal But you choose to be concealed - Professional by The Weeknd
Star Trek roof in that Wraith of Khan Girls get loose when they hear this song - Starboy by The Weeknd (Ft. Daft Punk)
And I would never make up names for myself Then change the names that I just gave to myself - Club Paradise by Drake
I just wanna see you shine 'cause I know you are a stargirl I just wanna see you shine 'cause I know you are a stargirl I just wanna see you shine 'cause I know you are a stargirl I just wanna see you shine 'cause I know you are a stargirl - Stargirl Interlude by The Weeknd (Ft. Lana Del Rey)
When it's said, when it's done, yeah I would never let you know (Let you know) I'm ashamed of what I've done, yeah When I look at you - In Your Eyes by The Weeknd
Oh my (Yeah), on a vibe, what a wonderful time (It's lit) Hundred deep, all my niggas outside Valet park when I pull up in the ride (Yeah, yeah) Hoe, it's late, you might have to spend the night, yeah - wonderful by Travis Scott (Ft. The Weeknd)
I don't feel it anymore (Yeah) The house I bought is not a home (No) - Hardest To Love by The Weeknd
But I just got the picture that you texted to me - Try Me by The Weeknd
Driving by the streets we used to walk through like a triumph - King of the Fall by The Weeknd
The realest niggas say, "Your lyrics do shit for me" - Crew Love by Drake (Ft. The Weeknd)
I thought I passed my peak, and I'm experiencing fall And all I wanna do is leave 'cause I've been zoning for a week And I ain't left this little room, tryna concentrate to breathe - Initiation by The Weeknd
We said it wouldn't be love But we felt the rush (Fell in love) - Earned It by The Weeknd
I think I've been in Hollywood for too long (For too long) 'Cause I can feel my soul burning, feel it burning slow But I would be nothing without the touch ('Out the touch) I feel the rush and it's amazing, hmm - Prisoner by The Weeknd (Ft. Lana Del Rey)
I turned into the man I used to be, to be - After Hours by The Weeknd
So, baby, don't go home I don't wanna spend tonight alone - Echoes of Silence by The Weeknd
Probably not if I can't keep up with lovin' - Kiss Land by The Weeknd
'Cause I'm always reppin' for that low life - Low Life by Future (Ft. The Weeknd)
I left my girl back home I don't love her no more And she'll never fucking know that These fucking eyes that I'm staring at - Wicked Games by The Weeknd
I hope they kill us with a ghost in the Lambo' And the doors goin' up, suicide - WAKE UP by Travis Scott (Ft. The Weeknd)
My love so lost, and my niggas, man These bitches can't touch what we got if they wanted I'll plug any nigga that'll step Man, I got 'em, yeah, I got 'em - Loft Music by The Weeknd
I got a lotta cash I don't mind spending it - Or Nah (Remix) by Ty Dolla $ign (Ft. Mustard, The Weeknd & Wiz Khalifa)
They recognized They just recognize I'm in a life without a home so this recognition's not enough I don't care about nobody else 'Cause I've been on these streets for too long, too long, too long Baby, I've been on this too long - Rolling Stone by The Weeknd
I'm the realest, she said I'm the realest Head be genius, dick game be the meanest - Party Monster by The Weeknd
She told me, "Don't worry About it" She told me, "Don't worry No more" We both know we can't go Without it She told me, "You'll never Be alo-oh-oh-ooh" - Can't Feel My Face by The Weeknd
But I'm just tryna save the throne, pray for BONES, pray for Stix (Just ask the lonely) - Pray 4 Love by Travis Scott (Ft. The Weeknd)
Me and my niggas we ain't never going broke - Live For by The Weeknd (Ft. Drake)
You right, I Got my guy But I, I Can't help it, I want you - You Right by Doja Cat & The Weeknd
Zombies of the night (Zombies of the night) Niggas ain't talking if they hyping to the crew Get it in like pockets - The Morning by The Weeknd
I'm findin' ways to articulate the feelin' I'm goin' through I just can't say I don't love you (Yeah) 'Cause I love you, yeah It's hard for me to communicate the thoughts that I hold But tonight, I'm gon' let you know Let me tell the truth Baby, let me tell the truth, yeah - Die For You (Remix) by The Weeknd & Ariana Grande
They take my kindness for weakness Still comin' out strong Still comin' out strong Still comin' out strong (Be honest to me) Take my kindness for weakness Still comin' out strong Still comin' out strong Still comin' out... - Comin Out Strong by Future (Ft. The Weeknd)
Time hasn't been kind to me, I pray When I look inside the mirror and see someone I love Oh, someone I love - Faith by The Weeknd
She loves everybody (Ah) Can't you tell by the signs? She loves everybody (Ah) She gets off all the time - False Alarm by The Weeknd
We be all night, love, oh yeah, love We be all night, love, oh yeah, love We be all night - Drunk In Love (Remix) by The Weeknd
'Cause if you cheat on him Just means I will be the next to be your ex So no complexities, just sex And don't lecture me, just accept that... - The Hills (Eminem Remix) by The Weeknd (Ft. Eminem)
I'm on point, know a nigga never take two - Comin Out Strong by Future (Ft. The Weeknd)
She lick it up just like a candy (Candy) She wanna make 'em leave they family (Family) She tryna live a life so fancy (Fancy) She wanna pull up in a Bentley (Bentley) She ain't got time for lovin' (Lovin') Louis Vuitton her husband (Husband) She'd rather die in lustin' (Lustin') She'd rather die in the club till she - Six Feet Under by The Weeknd
It's a lie, a lie I catch you every time In your lies, your lies Every time you close your eyes - Secrets by The Weeknd
Baby if I knew you’d be living in my sheets I wouldn’t have shown you any love I would have left you in the club - Twenty Eight by The Weeknd
Never comin' down, uh - After Hours by The Weeknd
You make it look like it's magic (Oh, yeah) 'Cause I see nobody, nobody but you, you, you - Earned It by The Weeknd
Oh-oh (Oh-oh), don't pray for love (Oh-oh) Oh-oh-oh-oh (Oh-oh), say it loud (Just ask the lonely) Just ask the lonely, oh-oh (Just ask the lonely) - Pray 4 Love by Travis Scott (Ft. The Weeknd)
The way I kissed your scars The way I fixed your heart, oh - Try Me by The Weeknd
[Part II: Glass Table Girls] - House of Balloons / Glass Table Girls by The Weeknd
'Cause everything you've been through made you stronger And every day, you learn about yourself And nothing really played out how it's s'posed to - Professional by The Weeknd
It's a lie, a lie I catch you every time In your lies, your lies Every time you close your eyes - Secrets by The Weeknd
Go 'head, girl, strip it down, close your mouth I just wanna hear your body talk - Kiss Land by The Weeknd
He knows how to get the best out of me - One Of The Girls by The Weeknd, JENNIE & Lily-Rose Depp
Nigga, we the new Aftermath - Remember You by Wiz Khalifa (Ft. The Weeknd)
And I'ma love you, girl, the way you need Ain't no one gon' stop us, ain't no one gon' stop us And I'ma give you, girl, what you fiend I'm the drug in your veins, just fight through the pain - What You Need by The Weeknd
Work it like a stripper, yeah But you not a stripper, yeah Dog her down with ya, yeah Work that 9 to 5 with ya, yeah Have to smoke a pound with ya (Oh, me)  [Outro: Travis Scott] Na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na Na-na-na, na-na-na, na-na-na-na Na-na-na, na-na-na-na, na-na-na Na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na, na-na - wonderful by Travis Scott (Ft. The Weeknd)
Heaven only lets a few in (Heaven only lets a few in) It's too late for me to choose it (It's too late for me to choose it) - Real Life by The Weeknd
So I take another hit Kill another serotonin With a hand full of beans And a chest full of weed - Rolling Stone by The Weeknd
When I saw the signs, I shoulda let you go (Yeah, yeah) But I kept you beside me And if I held you back, at least I held you close (Yeah) - Scared To Live by The Weeknd
And I'ma love you, girl, the way you need Ain't no one gon' stop us, ain't no one gon' stop us And I'ma give you, girl, what you fiend I'm the drug in your veins, just fight through the pain - What You Need by The Weeknd
'Til the ending of our credits Life's such a movie, filmed independent, us against the city - Loft Music by The Weeknd
Girl, I want you like you want me too I feel that energy (Oh yeah) - You Right by Doja Cat & The Weeknd
So, baby, don't go home I don't wanna spend tonight alone - Echoes of Silence by The Weeknd
I'd do anything in my power to see you just smile (Oh yeah) I want you to prosper and come proper Even if that means I ain't by your side (Oh, oh) I'd do anything in my power (My power) to see you just smile I want you to prosper and come proper Even if that means I ain't by your side - Smile by Juice WRLD & The Weeknd
I don't feel it anymore (Yeah) The house I bought is not a home (No) - Hardest To Love by The Weeknd
I'm findin' ways to articulate the feelin' I'm goin' through I just can't say I don't love you (Yeah) 'Cause I love you, yeah It's hard for me to communicate the thoughts that I hold But tonight, I'm gon' let you know Let me tell the truth Baby, let me tell the truth, yeah - Die For You (Remix) by The Weeknd & Ariana Grande
Who need a hero? (Hero) You need a hero, look in the mirror, there go your hero Who on the front lines at ground zero? (Hero) - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Maybe I've been always destined to end up in this place (Ahh) I don't mean to come off selfish, but I want it all (Want it all) Love will always be a lesson, let's get out of its way (Out of its way) 'Cause I know, all I know (Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah), all I know - Prisoner by The Weeknd (Ft. Lana Del Rey)
Devil on my shoulder tellin' me I'll die soon I don't really want that to impact you - Smile by Juice WRLD & The Weeknd
I'm on that shit that you can't smell, baby So, put down your perfume - Wicked Games by The Weeknd
I know you're rolling hard with it, don't lie I know it's got a hold of you I know you're rolling with it Baby, don't you lie, baby I know you're rolling hard with it, don't lie I know it's got a hold of you I know you're rolling with it Baby, don't you lie, baby - The Birds Pt. 1 by The Weeknd
Oh, baby, I don't mind You can tell by how I roll - Remember You by Wiz Khalifa (Ft. The Weeknd)
[Verse 2: The Weeknd] - Smile by Juice WRLD & The Weeknd
XO niggas ain't nothin' to mess with Nobody stoppin' us, oh, no, we destined - Tell Your Friends by The Weeknd
I look around and Sin City's cold and empty (Oh) No one's around to judge me (Oh) I can't see clearly when you're gone - Blinding Lights by The Weeknd
Please don't wake me up, I feel it creepin' (Yeah) - WAKE UP by Travis Scott (Ft. The Weeknd)
Enjoy your privileged life 'Cause I'm not gonna hold you through the night - Privilege by The Weeknd
Baby, please Would you end your night with me? Don't you leave me all behind Don't you leave my little life Don't you leave my little lie - Echoes of Silence by The Weeknd
Standing in the ocean (Standing in the ocean) Just let this wash on me (Ooh) Bad memories like waves Echoing (Echoing), echoing Standing in the ocean (Oh, baby) Standing in the ocean Feels like slow motion, we're floating at the speed - SKELETONS by Travis Scott (Ft. Pharrell Williams & The Weeknd)
I got a test for you You said you want my heart Well, baby, you can have it all There's just something that I need from you Is to meet my boys I got a lot of boys And we can make you right And if you get too high Baby, come over here and ride it out Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah Come over here and ride it out - Initiation by The Weeknd
All my girls from the 504 need to drop it right now Need to drop it right now - Practice by Drake
Oh yeah I just wanna see you smile (You smile) Don't cry (Don't cry, yeah) Even though it means I gotta let you go (Yeah) - Smile by Juice WRLD & The Weeknd
I said, ooh, I'm blinded by the lights No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch I said, ooh, I'm drowning in the night Oh, when I'm like this, you're the one I trust - Blinding Lights by The Weeknd
You got me touchin' on your body You got me touchin' on your body To say that we're in love is dangerous But girl, I'm so glad we're acquainted, oh I got you touchin' on your body I got you touchin' on your body I know I'd rather be complacent But girl, I'm so glad we're acquainted We're acquainted - Acquainted by The Weeknd
I'm the first brown boy to get it poppin' - Some Way by NAV (Ft. The Weeknd)
I know everything I know everything (Yeah) Everything (Yeah) I know everything (Everything) - The Knowing by The Weeknd
If you creepin', just don't let me find out (On God) Get a hotel, never bring 'em to the house (On God) - Creepin' by Metro Boomin, The Weeknd & 21 Savage
Climb up the H of the Hollywood sign (Yeah) In these stolen moments, the world is mine - Lust for Life by Lana Del Rey (Ft. The Weeknd)
I’m so wrong, I’m so wrong (To let you in my) To let you in my home (Now you know where I sleep) Now you know where I sleep (Never felt so damn weak) - Twenty Eight by The Weeknd
So if I love you (If I love you) It'd be just for you (It'd be just for you) So when I'm touchin' you (Touchin' you) Can I trust in you? (Trust in you) Can I trust in you? Oh, babe (Trust in you) - True Colors by The Weeknd
And free up all my niggas locked up in the penitenti' (Swear) - Low Life by Future (Ft. The Weeknd)
I fight pain and hurricanes, today, I wept I'm tryna fight back tears, flood on my doorsteps Life a livin' hell, puddles of blood in the streets - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
She wanna ride inside the G-Class grey 'matic (Oh) - Often by The Weeknd
Getting high, getting high, getting high, everybody getting high Getting high, getting high, getting high, everybody getting high Getting high, getting high, getting high, everybody getting high Getting high, getting high, getting high, and I'm the reason why - Low Life by Future (Ft. The Weeknd)
I'll keep on touchin' on your body I'll keep on touchin' on your body To say that we're in love is dangerous But girl, I'm so glad we're acquainted, oh I got you touchin' on your body (Touchin' on your body) I got you touchin' on your body (Touchin' on your body) I know I'd rather be complacent But girl, I'm so glad we're acquainted We're acquainted - Acquainted by The Weeknd
Roll up in that thing, got hoes like Prince, but they know, I'm king - Live For by The Weeknd (Ft. Drake)
I be livin' in heaven when I'm inside of you It was simply a blessing wakin' beside you - After Hours by The Weeknd
So, baby, don't go home I don't wanna spend tonight alone - Echoes of Silence by The Weeknd
[Outro] - Shot for Me by Drake
I feel it comin', babe I feel it comin', babe I feel it comin', babe I feel it comin', babe - I Feel It Coming by The Weeknd (Ft. Daft Punk)
Drinking Alizé with our cereal for breakfast Girls calling cabs at dawn quarter to seven - The Morning by The Weeknd
I don't feel it anymore (Yeah) The house I bought is not a home (No) - Hardest To Love by The Weeknd
I'll be making love to her through you So let me keep my eyes closed - The Zone by The Weeknd (Ft. Drake)
What makes a grown man wanna cry? (Cry, cry, cry, cry) What makes him wanna take his life? (Ah, ah) (Yeah) His happiness is never real (Real, real, real, real) And mindless sex is how he feels, ooh, he heals - I Was Never There by The Weeknd & Gesaffelstein
And all the wrongs she committed She was numb and she was so co-dependent She was young and all she had was the city But I don't mind, I don't mind - In the Night by The Weeknd
Work that back 'til I tire out Roll that weed, bring that fire out - Initiation by The Weeknd
Nigga, we the new Aftermath - Remember You by Wiz Khalifa (Ft. The Weeknd)
Yeah, I hope no one heard that 'Cause if they did, we gon' be in some trouble, yeah If they did, we gon' be in some trouble, trouble, oh - Marvins Room by Drake
Girl's friends scream that I'm creeping out If they're not down, better keep 'em out Ex-man hollering, keep him out - Initiation by The Weeknd
Who's gonna fuck you like... Hey! Woo-ooh - Shameless by The Weeknd
I'm tryna put you in the worst mood, ah - Starboy by The Weeknd (Ft. Daft Punk)
Heaven only lets a few in (Heaven only lets a few in) It's too late for me to choose it (It's too late for me to choose it) - Real Life by The Weeknd
Hope I make it home You'll be thinking of it I got the whole city on my side, tonight, tonight Watch us rock it out Watch us leave the ground After the show is done You can take me to yours - Gone by The Weeknd
Listen, ma, I'll give you all I got Get me off of this (off of this), I need confidence (confidence)  in myself (Ooh, eh, ehh) Listen, ma, I'll give you all of me (Ooh) Give me all of it, I need all of it to myself (I need all of it) - Wicked Games by The Weeknd
(Crows cawing) - The Birds Pt. 2 by The Weeknd
Percocets, Adderall, ecstasy, pussy, money, weed - Drunk In Love (Remix) by The Weeknd
[Pre-Chorus: Ariana Grande] - Die For You (Remix) by The Weeknd & Ariana Grande
(Crows cawing) - The Birds Pt. 2 by The Weeknd
Sources say (Sources say) that we're done (That we're done), how would they know? (They know, 'cause they know, 'cause they know) - Too Late by The Weeknd
He's so connected to that woman that you used to be But-but-but this sex will cloud your memory A couple strokes to put it in, then you'll belong to me - You Right by Doja Cat & The Weeknd
I woke up in the mornin', models passed out in the shower - Drunk In Love (Remix) by The Weeknd
[Verse 3] - Kiss Land by The Weeknd
'Cause girl, you're perfect (Girl, you're perfect) You're always worth it (You're always worth it) And you deserve it (And you deserve it) The way you work it (The way you work it) 'Cause girl, you earned it, yeah (You earned it) Girl, you earned it, yeah (You earned it) - Earned It by The Weeknd
And I was told once, things will change By a nigga named Tip when my deal came - Club Paradise by Drake
[Instrumental Outro] - Hardest To Love by The Weeknd
And it's just nerves, it's just dick Makin' me think 'bout someone new - You Right by Doja Cat & The Weeknd
I don't wanna hurt you But you live for the pain I'm not tryna say it But it's what you became You want me to fix you But it's never enough That's why you always call me 'Cause you're scared to be loved, uh - Shameless by The Weeknd
Say it louder, say it louder Yeah, who's gonna love ya Like me, uh, like me, yeah? Say it louder, say it louder Who's gonna touch ya Like me, uh, like me? - Shameless by The Weeknd
Unless it's keys, then I play all day (All day) You like them keys? We gon' play all day (All day) - Loft Music by The Weeknd
Everybody wants you, you can have them all I got what you need - The Party & The After Party by The Weeknd
Now days if they don't have a story, they gon' make one (Still comin') - Comin Out Strong by Future (Ft. The Weeknd)
Walking through airport security with your hat down 'Stead of gettin' a pat-down, they just keep on sayin' that they feel you, nigga, yeah - The Ride by Drake (Ft. The Weeknd)
I'm just tryna get you high (I'm just tryin', babe) And faded off this touch - I Feel It Coming by The Weeknd (Ft. Daft Punk)
I woke up this morning and figured I'd call you In case I'm not here tomorrow - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
I Earth Wind & Fire’d the verse, then reigned on the hook - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 3: Jay Rock] - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Maserati go speed race (yeah) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Mass hallucination, baby Ill education, baby Want to reconnect with your elations? This is your station, baby - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Daddy issues kept me competitive, that's a fact, nigga I don't give a fuck what's the narrative, I am that nigga - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
Oh America, you bad bitch, I picked cotton and made you rich - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't nobody prayin' for me Who prayin' for me? Ain't nobody prayin' - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
And her body got that ass that a ruler couldn't measure - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Oh, oh, collard greens - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
or Kurt Cobain Loaded that clip and then said bang The drama it bring is crazy - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Shit I've been through prolly offend you, this is Paula's oldest son - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
Lamar stated his views on police brutality With that line in the song, quote "And we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'" Oh, please, ugh, I don't like it - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Piss out your per diem, you just gotta hate 'em, funk - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
Serafina, flame in us - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
How the fuck y'all can't see I ride, when I drive Down the block and you look outside H-A-T-E in your eyes, - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
All day, nigga - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
I kill 'em with kindness Or I kill 'em with diamonds Or I put up like fifteen hundred Get yo' ass killed by the finest - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Love, let's talk about love Is it anything and everything you hoped for? Or do the feeling haunt you? (Haunt) I know the feeling haunt you (Haunt) - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
"Fuck am I 'posed to do when I'm lookin' at walkin' licks? - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
That's when affiliation was really at gears of war So many relatives tellin' us, sellin' us devilish works, killin' us, crime Intelligent, felonious prevalent proposition with 9's - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
He's starin' at me in disbelief My temper is buildin', he's starin' at me, I grab my key He's starin' at me, I started the car, then I tried to leave And somethin' told me to keep it in park until I could see The reason why he was mad at a stranger Like I was supposed to save him Like I'm the reason he's homeless and askin' me for a favor He's starin' at me, his eyes followed me with no laser He's starin' at me, I notice that his stare is contagious 'Cause now I'm starin' back at him, feelin' some type of disrespect If I could throw a bat at him, it'd be aimin' at his neck I never understood someone beggin' for goods Askin' for handouts, takin' it if they could And this particular person just had it down pat Starin' at me for the longest until he finally asked - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it? - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
You put a gun to me Then you brought the sun to me - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I can’t fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure I can't fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Ducky was well-aware They robbed the manager and shot a customer last year He figured he'd get on these niggas' good sides Free chicken every time Anthony posted in line, two extra biscuits Anthony liked him and then let him slide, they didn't kill him In fact, it look like they're the last to survive - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
I need some water Something came over me Way too hot to simmer down, might as well overheat Too close to comfort - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
She copy like 10-4, know who we sent for - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Should've known when I made it all the way to third base And that was only the first date Could've made it to home plate (Oh!) - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Intro] Dick hard like rottweiler Can you handle it? Can you handle it? Woo woo, woo woo - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
I picked you up when you Fell and cut your knee Told you not to cry and held you Close to me - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
And I might do a show a day, once a lame, always a lame - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Hard times like, "Yah" Bad trips like, "Yah" Nazareth I'm fucked up, homie, you fucked up But if God got us, then we gon' be alright - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
I rhyme cold, my K hot, your 9 cold, that bark like K9s on - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Throw that to the side, yeah I get those goosebumps every time, yeah When you're not around (Straight up) When you throw that to the side, yeah (It's lit) I get those goosebumps every time, yeah - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars approach you All the stars approach you All the stars approach you This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars are closer All the stars are closer All the stars are closer - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
I kill 'em all when they try to kill my vibe (Doot! Doot!) I am the bad, the good god, the last the hood got The last that would try to pass a good job - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Thug life Thug life - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Egotistic, goin' ballistic, why God? - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Oh shit, flow's so sick, don't you swallow it Bitin' my style, you're salmonella poison positive - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Masks on the babies, mask on an opp Wear masks in the neighborhood stores you shop But a mask won't hide who you are inside Look around, the reality's carved in lies - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
So give me a run for my money - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Friends, enemies all the same - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Man, I got so much shit up on my plate, dog - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
(All you bitches) - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Boy, he sure be having the marks on they mark Pretty bitches and tire marks, let 'em inhale them pipe exhausts - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Love, let's talk about love Is it anything and everything you hoped for? Or do the feeling haunt you? (Haunt) I know the feeling haunt you (Haunt) - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Oh, oh, collard greens - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'm free to be the greatest, I'm alive I'm free to be the greatest here tonight, the greatest The greatest, the greatest alive The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'ma blick niggas all in they coffin - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
The streets got me fucked up, y'all can miss me I wanna represent for us - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015 Once I finish this, witnesses will convey just what I mean - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
They said they never seen it in him, but I seen it (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh) The Barbie dolls played off reflection of Venus (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh) - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Big chillin - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
And don't be forging all my signatures, my listeners reply And tell me that you biting style, you got a hell of an appetite - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
I can attempt to enlighten you without frightenin' you If you resist, I'll back off quick, go catch a flight or two - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
Me and the homies - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
I can’t fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure I can't fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots? - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
We gon' turn it out until the neighbors wanna party too - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Got me breathing with dragons - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
the Serengeti's clone - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Lamar stated his views on police brutality With that line in the song, quote "And we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'" Oh, please, ugh, I don't like it - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
My bitch too foreign, need a visa (ooh) I don't need her (huh?) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Right or wrong, no stone, just love to send me - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
I fight the world, I fight you, I fight myself - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Pop another bottle if you like that (If you like that) - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Stray bullets, oh, AK bullets - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
I can see the baller in you, I can see the dollar in you Little white lies, but it's no white-collar in you But it's whatever though because I'm still followin' you - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
[Chorus: Bilal] - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
(Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up; I got stamina) - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You said Sherane ain't got nothing on Lucy I said, "You crazy?" - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
How many niggas get mistaken for clitoris in a day? How many sentiments you make before runnin' pussy away? - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
These niggas'll kill for that, put it in your grill for that - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Money on my mind, good time to get caked up, uh Sunshine coming through my blinds, I’m living, but - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
New shit, new Kung Fu Kenny - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm a Israelite, don't call me black no mo' That word is only a color, it ain't facts no mo' - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
I'm at the preacher's door My knees gettin' weak, and my gun might blow But we gon' be alright - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
Me, I'm 'bout to let my hair down on hoes - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
You know what? Fuck you, bitch (Fuck you, nigga) Nah, fuck you, bitch (Nah, fuck you, nigga) Fuck you, bitch (Nah, fuck you, nigga) Nah, fuck you, bitch (Fuck you, nigga) Fuck you, bitch (Fuck you, nigga) Fuck you (Fuck you), fuck you (Fuck you) Fuck you (Fuck you) Fuck you, nigga Fuck you, bitch (Nah, fuck you) - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
The same reason they call Mr. Cee the finisher - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
It's three GOATs left, and I seen two of them kissin' and huggin' on stage - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
My left stroke just went viral Right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
The universe energy doesn't lie And this chemistry is infinity at a million times - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Rep the set (Yeah), gotta rep the set (Gang, gang) - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
But you ain't shit, I'm convinced your tolerance nothin' special - u by Kendrick Lamar
All them say we doomed from the start cah we Black Remember this, every race start from the Black, jus 'member dat - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Story of a gun-clapper really tryna make a change Everybody ain't blessed, my nigga Yes, my nigga, you're blessed, take advantage, do your best, my nigga - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You got a medal for us Leavin' metaphors - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
I think that I'm feelin' the vibe, I see the love in her eyes - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
If I quit your BM, I still ride Mercedes, funk - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
Everything dismounts, niggas gon' flip that car - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Quid pro quo, somethin' for somethin', that's the obvious - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Got 2TEEZ with me, I'm snatchin' chains and burnin' tattoos, it's up Lost too many soldiers not to play it safe - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Blame myself, you never felt guilt 'til you felt it sober - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
The better part, the human heart, you love ’em or dissect 'em - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
I hope I'm not too late To set my demons straight I know I made you wait But how much can you take? I hope you see the God in me I hope you can see And if it's up, stay down for me Yeah - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Right or wrong, no stone, just love to send me - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Me, I wasn’t taught to share, but care In another life, I surely was there Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care I care, I care - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Egotistic, goin' ballistic, why God? - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
I’m spittin' this shit for closure - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
I know the walls, they can listen, I wish they could talk back The hurt becomes repetition, the love almost lost that - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
You pray for appeals hopin' the warden would afford them That sentence so important - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Lord have mercy, thou will not hurt me Five buddies all herded up on a Thursday Bottle service, head service, I came in first place - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Only Lord knows I've been goin' hammer Dodgin' paparazzi, freakin' through the cameras Eat at Four Daughters, Brock wearin' sandals Yoga on a Monday, stretchin' to Nirvana - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
It's a beautiful day, I guess, for a bitch to roll with Andre, I guess - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Hope we get rich, oh, hope we can tower Over the city with vanity with the music louder, oh - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
A couple of niggas that bust up the party and fuck up the fun - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
When I see 'em, put the per diem on the floor Now Kendrick, know they're your co-workers - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
And I run that ho with a baton - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Throw a steak off the ark to a pool full of sharks, he'll take it Leave him in the wilderness with a sworn nemesis, he'll make it (He'll make it) Take the gratitude from him, I bet he'll show you somethin', woah (Woah) - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
My cousin called, my cousin Carl Duckworth Said know my worth And Deuteronomy say that we all been cursed - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
A million megapixels of the Pyrex - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
A heavy smoker, so you know I brought the Blake with me - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
I might ball in Australia (Say no more) - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Last LP I tried to lift the black artists But it's a difference 'tween black artists and wack artists - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Dreams of me gettin' shaded under a money tree - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Every second, every minute, man, I swear that she can get it - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar] - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Five-O askin' me what's in my possession - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ain't nobody but the mirror lookin' for the fall off (Brrrt) - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
It's a secret society All we ask is trust (All we ask is trust) All we got is us Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
AP, Michael Friedman, my friends cooler - Rich Spirit by Kendrick Lamar
Love's gonna get you killed But pride’s gonna be the death of you and you and me And you and you and you and me And you and you and you and me And you and you and you and me and— - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Don't cry to me dummy, you're a lightweight They tell me you nice and I'm like "wait" - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Tell me who love you, I bet I love harder - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ass came with a hump, from the jump she was a camel I want to ride like Arabians, push an '04 Mercedes-Benz - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Game of love, love, love, love La-La-La-La-La love - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Tiptoein' around my name, nigga, you lame And when I get at you, homie Don't you tell me you was just playin' "Oh, I was just playin', K-Dot C'mon, you know a nigga rock witchu, bro" - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
Dusted, doomed, disgusted, forced with Fuck you think is in more shit? - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Look, look… hol' up! - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Please everybody else but myself - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Skip, hop, drip, drop Flip, flop with the white tube sock - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Hit the pipe and start feelin' it - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Frightenin', so fuckin' frightenin' - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Let's get it – nights like this, I'm a knight like this Sword in my hand, I fight like this - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Outro] Nigga, pass Dot the bottle, damn You ain't the one that got fucked up What you holdin' it for? Niggas always actin' unsensitive and shit Nigga, that ain't no word Nigga, shut up Hey, Dot, you good, my nigga? Don't even trip Just lay back and drink that - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, I win, then ball at your defeat C-O-M-P-T-O-N, my city mobbin' in the street, yellin' - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
From Compton to Congress Set-trippin' all around Ain't nothin' new but a flu of new Demo-Crips and Re-Blood-icans Red state versus a blue state—which one you governin'? - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Do you have Henn' yet? - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Percocets (Ya), molly, Percocets (Big foreigns) Percocets (Ya), molly, Percocets (Big foreigns) - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Intro: Josef Leimberg] - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
My defense mechanism tell me to get him Quickly because he got it - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
[Produced by Terrace Martin & Larrance Dopson; Additional production by Sounwave] - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
So you sold ten million albums, eh? (What?) Only problem is, you put out ten million albums, eh? (Haha! Wait) - Greatest by Eminem
Started on the scale, digital my only Timex - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my shoes I feel like Pablo when I see me on the news I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my house Tell 'em party's in here, we don't need to go out - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I’m po-o-o-oppin' Change my phone now when I get home now I got o-o-o-options - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
Nigga, December been good to me Not even Kendrick can humble me - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
My auntie is a man now I watch him and his girl hold their hands down Tip of the avenues under street lights made his Thinking, "I want me a bad bitch when I get big" - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuckin' it up - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Smoking, lokin', drinking that potion, you can see me swerving - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Chad left his body after we FaceTimed - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
I bought a '87 for the weekend (The weekend) - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Park the car, then we start rhymin', ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish) The only thing we had to free our mind (Free our mind, free our mind) - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
pardon my residence Came from the bottom of mankind My hair is nappy, my dick is big, my nose is round and wide - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
I could still kill me a nigga, so what? - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
It's a secret society All we ask is trust (All we ask is trust) All we got is us Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
[Intro] - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
IG'll get you life for a chikabooya - Rich Spirit by Kendrick Lamar
Fall back, bitch, I got a lot on my plate Don't waste my breath I don't know how many moons a nigga got left - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Every second, every minute, man, I swear that she can get it - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Feel like I'm headed for the padded cell, the - Greatest by Eminem
Watch my soul speak, you let the meds talk, ayy If I kill a nigga, it won't be the alcohol, ayy I'm the realest nigga after all - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
Platinum Chanel - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar] - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Lord, forgive me, I've been running Running blind in truth - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Within fourteen tracks, carried out over wax - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Greatest in the world (Yeah!) Greatest in the world (Yeah!) Greatest in the world (Yeah!) No lie, I might be The best to ever do it (Yeah!) The best to ever do it (Yeah!) The best to ever do it (Yeah!) I feel like the greatest (Yeah!) Woke up to honkies sounding like me Never be as good (Yeah!) Never be as good (Yeah!) (Packing up) Wife-beaters, white t-shirts, what? But I'm the greatest - Greatest by Eminem
IG'll get you life for a chikabooya - Rich Spirit by Kendrick Lamar
Made a mil' and I spent it in the same day (Day) - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
And I been hustlin' all day, this-a-way, that-a-way Through canals and alleyways, just to say - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar] - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
D-Bo, all of it one year, Mississippi to California - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
You the reason, we overlooked, underpaid, under-booked, under shame - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
So I was takin' a walk the other day And I seen a woman—a blind woman Pacin' up and down the sidewalk She seemed to be a bit frustrated As if she had dropped somethin' and Havin' a hard time findin' it So after watchin' her struggle for a while I decide to go over and lend a helping hand, you know? "Hello, ma'am, can I be of any assistance? It seems to me that you have lost something I would like to help you find it" She replied, "Oh, yes, you have lost something You've lost… your life" - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Can't fuck with you no more, I'm fastin', ugh - Rich Spirit by Kendrick Lamar
Take off the fake deep, take off the fake woke, take off the, "I'm broke, I care" (Take it off) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Ball like I won a championship game - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
[Produced by Sounwave] - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
We put the world on the wave (the wave) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Don't judge me! I was young, fuckin' all the brats - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
I am legend, I feel like all of y'all is peasants I feel like all of y'all is desperate I feel like all it take is a second to feel like Mike Jordan whenever holdin' a real mic I ain't feelin' your presence - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, my first one like my last one, it's a classic, you don't have one - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Loved her dearly, traded in my tears for a Range Rover - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
I wanna say thank you to everyone that's been down with me All my fans, all my beautiful fans Anyone who's ever gave me a listen, all my people - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
It shouldn't be shit for us to come out here and appreciate the little bit of life we got left, dog - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
To all my niggas I would die for, load my pistol up, go out and war for - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Goddamn, I got bitches, damn, I got bitches Damn, I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend, and mistress All my life, I want money and power - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
You put a gun to me Then you brought the sun to me - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Critics are really the enemy and I Can't stand the way they slam today's gifted - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Matter of fact, it need interest Matter of fact, it's nine inches - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
[Outro: Mommy] - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
What's the difference when your heart is made of stone And your mind is made of gold And your tongue is made of sword, but it may weaken your soul? - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
Is it wickedness? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
I kill this whole muthafucking beat if J. Cole say it My nigga Ib chopped the instrumental, I gotta slay it - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
And Demetrius was to blame - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Pull up drop top with a eater (skrrt) Two seater (skrrt) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
There's no place quite like here There's no better time than now That's why I stay ready - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
It's a game to me, where the bedroom at? Sleep, I ain't nevеr had affairs with that - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
World is going brazy, where did we go wrong? - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
I said I'm geeked and I'm fired up (Fired, fire) All I want tonight is just to get high up (Yeah) All I want is, all I want is - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
I fight God, just tell me how many burdens left - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Baby, you make me Pray for London Yeah 'Cause if I won it all without you involved (Fucking love you) I guess it's all for nothing - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Yeah, I'm out the way, yeah, I'm low, okay - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
You could touch the booty if you like, I ain't trippin' on ya (Such a nice girl, SZA) - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Say, it's a lot of goofies with a check - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
I fight God, just tell me how many burdens left - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
I'm talkin' fear, fear that it's wickedness or weakness Fear, whatever it is, both is distinctive - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
She digging me and I’m cuffing her friend - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
'Til then, let's give the women a break, grown men with daddy issues - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
Lord God, I come to you a sinner And I humbly repent for my sins I believe that Jesus is Lord I believe that You raised him from the dead I would ask that Jesus come to my life And be my Lord and Savior I receive Jesus to take control of my life And that I may live for him from this day forth Thank you, Lord Jesus, for saving me with your precious blood In Jesus' name, amen - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
And once upon a time, in a city so divine Called West Side Compton, there stood a little nigga He was five-foot somethin', God bless the kid Took his homies to the show and this is what they said: - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Lately, it's all contradiction (Lately, I'm not here) - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Uh (Uh) Uh (Uh) Uh, yeah (Uh) It's survival, survival I think somebody lying Smell somebody lying I don't see no fire - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars approach you All the stars approach you All the stars approach you This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars are closer All the stars are closer All the stars are closer - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Bet they agree, parade the streets with your voice proudly Time passing, things change Reverting back to our daily programs, stuck in our ways Lust - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
World is going brazy, where did we go wrong? - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
Well, well, well, let me run (Let me run) Let me run to see who came undone You've been right in my face Let me run 'til you're off my case Woah-woah, woah-woah Woah-woah, woah-woah Woah-woah, woah-woah Woah-woah, woah-woah - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
Niggas clickin' up, but cannot be legit, no 40 Water, tell 'em - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Shine like blood diamonds - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
(Just ridin', just ridin') Me and the homies (Bullshittin', actin' a fool) Me and the homies (Trippin', really trippin') Me and the homies (Just ridin', just ridin', just ridin') - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
I tell a bitch don’t sweat me (Don't sweat me) I kill this whole fuckin’ beat if Cole let me (Please Cole) Ib should’ve never sent the instrumental - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
[Directed by Colin Tilley] - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
From food stamps to a whole 'nother domain, ya Out the bottom (Yeah), I'm the livin' proof (Super) - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
My visa, passport tatted, I should hub in Ibiza - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Niggas thought they wasn't gonna see me, huh? Niggas thought that K-Dot real life Was the same life they see on TV, huh? Niggas wanna flex on me and be in L.A. for free, huh? Next time they hit the 10 freeway, we need a receipt, huh? - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Swag surfin' all through the world, slide through the sea on a comet - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Seen black turn 'em Burgundy Hundred of them, I know I'm greedy - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
I've been in my wave like twenty years straight I've been on my vibe like twenty years straight - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Twenty-three hour lockdown, then somebody called Said your lil' nephew was shot down, the culture's involved - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
Kendrick a.k.a. "Compton's Human Sacrifice" - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
New shit, new Kung Fu Kenny - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Smokin' on your top five tonight, tonight Yeah, I'm smokin' on your what's-his-name tonight, tonight - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
I can feel it, the phoenix sure to watch us I can feel it, the dream is more than process I can put a regime that forms a Loch Ness I can feel it, the scream that haunts all logic - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
To you, that's a quick check, - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Ball like I won a championship game - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
We was in the hood, fourteen with the deuce-deuce - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Now, baby, when I'm riding here, I'm riding dirty Registration is out of service - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Who could reach us? Only God could teleport this type of freedom - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
I fight God, just tell me how many burdens left - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
When Kanye got back with Drake, I was slightly confused Guess I'm not mature as I think, got some healin' to do - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
As blood rush my favorite vein Heartbeat racing like a junkie's I just need you to want me Am I asking too much? - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Drop - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
I can feel it, the phoenix sure to watch us I can feel it, the dream is more than process I can put a regime that forms a Loch Ness I can feel it, the scream that haunts all logic - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Make good with the friend, and I'm all jazzy Britney with the twin and the girl, Ashley Found out that I fucked, he was unhappy Bitch, I never let the bullshit get past me - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'll take your girlfriend then put that pussy on the pedestal - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
I see double cups (yonke indawo) O'volovolo (yonke indawo) - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Lookin' in the mirror, I'm embarrassed I'm feelin' like a suicidal terrorist React like an infant whenever you are mentioned - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And pessimists never struck my nerve - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
I can feel the changes I can feel the new people 'round me just wanna be famous - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
I run through these stop signs with no brake fluid Just premium gas - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
Nigga, we gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright We gon' be alright Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright Huh? We gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
He was once a thug from around the way - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
You thought I was fresh out the yard - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Is it wickedness? Is it weakness? You decide Are we gonna live or die? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't no stress, jiggaboos wanna be I ain't talkin' Jay, I ain't talkin' Bey I'm talkin' days we got school watchin' movie screens And spike your self-esteem The new James Bond gon' be black as me - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
That's crazy, because me, being one of your offsprings of the legacy you left behind - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Bad attitude from yo' nanny Curves and your hips from yo' mammy - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
If I was the president I'd pay my mama's rent Free my homies and them Bulletproof my Chevy doors Lay in the White House and get high, Lord Whoever thought? Master, take the chains off me! - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
But now my album platinum and shit, so what? Y'all keep the numbers - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Pockets wasn't straight, bitch - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Yeah, well, you need to talk to somebody Reach out to Eckhart - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
I said them F-bombs, I ain't know any better - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Nigga, Puff Daddy wasn't your favorite - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Lamar stated his views on police brutality With that line in the song, quote "And we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'" Oh, please, ugh, I don't like it - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Say, say, say - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
ostrich's posh shit - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Clueless when you scribble on your pad How you gonna criticize with a chisel on your nads, sizzling your ad? - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
[Part II: "I'm Dying of Thirst"] - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Kendrick Lamar, by far, realest Negus alive - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Egotistic, goin' ballistic, why God? - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Everything I say is from an angel - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
And Sam, I'll be watchin' over you Make sure my kids watch all my interviews Make sure you live out our dreams we produced Keep that genius in your brain on the move - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
But I could never right my wrongs 'less I write it down for real, PS - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows they propel it Let these words be your Earth and moon, you consume every message As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression And with that being said, my nigga, let me ask this question: - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Deep water, powder blue skies that crack open A piece of crack that he wanted, I knew he was smokin' He begged and pleaded Asked me to feed him twice, I didn't believe it Told him, "Beat it" Contributin' money just for his pipe—I couldn't see it - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
(Get Top on the phone) - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
Loved her dearly, traded in my tears for a Range Rover - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Oh, back the fuck up off me (Brr, brr, brr) - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
It seems that all the autumn leaves are fallin' - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The iceberg is a reflection of you when you renew your vision Just think, if it had sunk Titanic The fuck it would do to a critic, my nigga? - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Slide on you like fallen drapes God toss full of carnivals - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
This ain't what you want, this ain't what you want (What you want) This ain't what you want, this ain't what you want (What you want) - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Had the door knockin', let 'em in, who's that? Genital's best friend, - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Feel like I'ma learn you a lesson Feel like only me and the music though I feel like your feelin' ain't mutual - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Shimmy, shimmy, cocoa puff - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Door and his Nike Air Rattles Rush the fire exit, no time for battles Well I, I never expected - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
His momma died, I asked him why he goin' back to work so soon? His first reply was, "Son, that's life, and bills got no silver spoon" Daddy issues, fuck everybody, go get your money, son - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
[Produced by Flying Lotus & Ronald "Flippa" Colson] - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
I said them F-bombs, I ain't know any better - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
I wrote some raps that made sure that my lifeline reekin' The scent of a reaper, ensurin' that my allegiance With the other side may come soon, and if I'm doomed - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Last time I checked, we was racin' with Marcus Garvey On the freeway to Africa - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Feel like I'ma learn you a lesson Feel like only me and the music though I feel like your feelin' ain't mutual - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Kendrick Lamar, the people’s champion, I'm animal for analysts - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't no Black Power when your baby killed by a coward - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
We hung all summer, sprung mattress with bae bae - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
I went to war last night (Night, night, night, night, woo) I've been dealing with depression ever since an adolescent - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Translation: Ven aquí, mami, ese culo Tú quieres coger mis huevos, y papi me desespero Chuparse puto pendejo, el pinche cabrón - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Nigga, Puff Daddy wasn't your favorite - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Don't stress, - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
There's no place quite like here There's no better time than now That's why I stay ready - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'? Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin' King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah Bitch, where you when I was walkin'? Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin' King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
No back and forth with these rappers They mention me, dissin' me No talkin' back, I won't mention you - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Everything I touch is a damn gold mine - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Take off them fabricated streams and them microwave memes, it's a real world outside (Take that shit off) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Can't fuck with you no more, I'm fastin', ugh (Ooh) - Rich Spirit by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Remember when you tried to write me off? (Uh-huh) Remember when you thought I'd take a loss? Don't you remember? You thought that I would need ya Follow procedure, remember? Oh, wait, you got amnesia - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Intro] - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
I see niggas in this bitch stunting, popping bottles Getting drunk with these bitches Then when they leave, they get followed Fall asleep with that bitch And really don't know much about her Then she let us in, we take all of your shit And when you wake up, she help you try to find it, I love her - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Pots with cocaine residue, every day, I'm hustlin' - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Her favorite cousin Demetrius is irrepetible Family history of gangbangin' did make me skeptical - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Make you think about all of the niggas you been leadin' on Make me think about all of the rappers I've been feedin' on Got a feelin' that's the same dudes that we speakin' on, oh word? - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
From Compton to Congress Set-trippin' all around Ain't nothin' new but a flu of new Demo-Crips and Re-Blood-icans Red state versus a blue state—which one you governin'? - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck I don't give a, I don't give a, I don't give a fuck - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Can't fuck with you no more, I'm fastin', ugh (Ooh) - Rich Spirit by Kendrick Lamar
no control No off switch in the way that you bringin' me down It's a turn on, get it away from me Know you mean wrong, keep away from me - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
The earthiest slash thirstiest nigga you know versus this Scum of a land that transcend two surfaces - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
Feel like I'ma learn you a lesson Feel like only me and the music though I feel like your feelin' ain't mutual - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
And it's casually done, and tell 'em my salary come In lump sum one hundreds, don't talk to me 'bout no money - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
This that Grey Poupon, that Evian, that TED Talk, ayy - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, are you happy for me? Really, are you happy for me? You smile in my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah, I'm out the way, are you happy for me? Bitch, are you happy for me? Really, are you happy for me? You smile in my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah, I'm out the way, are you happy for me? - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
[Intro: Josef Leimberg] - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
Some put it on the Devil when they fall short I put it on my ego, lord of all lords - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Porcelain pipes pressure, bust 'em twice - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Seven misleadin' statements 'bout my persona Six headlights wavin' in my direction (Come on) - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Matter of fact, see our friendship based on business - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
My defense mechanism tell me to get him Quickly because he got it - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
But truthfully, I don't have a hatin' bone in my body This supposed to be a good exhibition within the game - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
Sag all the way to the liquor store Where my niggas pour up 4 and get twisted some more - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
So many washed up with detergent But I don't dry tears, I just aim at them on purpose - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I feel like you're the only reason for it - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Produced by Sounwave; Additional production by Terrace Martin] - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
Lamar stated his views on police brutality With that line in the song, quote "And we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'" Oh, please, ugh, I don't like it - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
I do what I wanna do I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I Look in the mirror and know I'm there With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
[Chorus: Kris Stephens] - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
Let me tell you, I'm out here from a very far away place All for a chance to be a star Nowhere seems to be too far - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I know everything, I know lawyers, advertisement and sponsors I know wisdom, I know bad religion, I know good karma I know everything, I know history - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
I can feel the changes I can feel the new people 'round me just wanna be famous - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
This what God feel like Huh, he-yeah (This what God feel like) Laughin' to the bank like, "A-ha!" - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Sounwave caught a Grammy last year - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
pay attention That one decision changed both of they lives, one curse at a time Reverse the manifest and good karma, and I'll tell you why You take two strangers and put 'em in random predicaments Give 'em a soul, so they can make their own choices and live with it Twenty years later, them same strangers, you make 'em meet again Inside recording studios where they reapin' their benefits Then you start remindin' them about that chicken incident Whoever thought the greatest rapper would be from coincidence? Because if Anthony killed Ducky, Top Dawg could be servin' life While I grew up without a father and die in a gunfight - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Zacari & Kendrick Lamar] - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Don't speak on the family, crodie It can get deep in the family, crodie Talk about me and my family, crodie? Someone gon' bleed in your family, crodie - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
It seems that all the autumn leaves are fallin' - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Take off the foo-foo, take off the clout chase, take off the Wi-Fi - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
I come from a generation of pain, where murder is minor - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
I feel like you're the only reason for it - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The opportunity, the proper top of breast and booty cheek The pop community, I mean these bitches come with union fee And I want two of these, moving units through consumer streets Then my shoe released, she was kickin' in gratuity - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
When I text a cute game, wildness Throw a stack on the Bible - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
​​ - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 2: SZA] - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
She suck my dick in the movies (Yuh) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Burn accessories and stash 'em on the yard - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
History repeats again Make amends, then find a nigga with the same skin to do it - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
Home invasion was persuasive (Was persuasive, was persuasive) From nine to five, I know it's vacant, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish) - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
I need some water Something came over me Way too hot to simmer down, might as well overheat Too close to comfort - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Twenty million walkin' out the court buildin', woo-woo! - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
Is it wickedness? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Go get me a knife, you're looking like steak And when the stakes are high, I stake out for days - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Speakin' the truth and consider what God's considerin', you don't know nothin' 'bout that - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
So I promise this, nigga - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
He brushed 'em off and walked back to the Kentucky Fried Chicken See, at this chicken spot, there was a light-skinned nigga that talked a lot With a curly top and a gap in his teeth, he worked the window His name was Ducky - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Drop that work up in the bushes, hope them boys don't see my stash If they do, tell the truth, this the last time you might see my ass - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Boy, he sure be having the marks on they mark Pretty bitches and tire marks, let 'em inhale them pipe exhausts - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
[Produced by J. Cole] - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
(Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up; I got stamina) - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I know my Houston partners, drop a four on this And focus, and slow it down - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
She pussy poppin' and I got options like an audible, I be - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
I Milly Rock when I get that advance - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar] - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
liquors spillin', pistols poppin' - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
I see double cups (yonke indawo) O'volovolo (yonke indawo) - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
when off the Goose - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't nobody prayin' for me (Ain't nobody prayin' for me) (Ain't nobody prayin' for me) Ain't nobody prayin' for me (Nobody prayin' for me) Ain't nobody prayin' for me Ain't nobody—(Prayin' for me) (Nobody prayin' for me) - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Every day a celebration, but even the valley peaking me Is not validation, nigga this TDE And my doggies be salivating, salaries, better ratings - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
 the next weekend we broke even - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ayy, I got somethin', ayy Hol' up, we gon' function, ayy No assumptions, ayy - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Life, can be like, a box of chocolate - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
[Produced by Knxwledge & Taz Arnold] - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
Started with a dollar and a dream, and you know that - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
What you eat don't make me shit and who you fuck don't make me cum - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I answer to Metatron and Gabriel Bitch, looking for a better me - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
If I don't have it, if I don't grab it If it don't chip, then a toe tag is one last, I'ma hope (I'ma hope) So iceberg, don't float (Don't float) - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And used that shit to throw it in my face (Man, hol' on, bro) Find it funny you just can't apologize (This bitch, dawg) Egotistic, narcissistic, love, you're all lies (Bro) - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
This dick ain't free - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
I fucked up the rap game and you ain't even know it - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Love, let's talk about love Is it anything and everything you hoped for? Or do the feeling haunt you? (Haunt) I know the feeling haunt you (Haunt) - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Kenny, I ain't trippin' off them dominoes anymore. Just calling, sorry to hear what happened to your homeboy, - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
Meditating in silence made you wanna tell on me - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
I feel bad that my daughter gotta live this life I'll die for my daughter, gotta fight this fight - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
Aim it at your celebrity, this is studio felony - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Light limo tint with light women, dark women in it Aw, Kenny, good game She wanna hang with a Starboy The sun and the moon and star, boy Astronomer, anonymous I line 'em up, we grind 'em up, there's nine of us And five of us have probably fucked She mollied up, I tallied up all the parts, boy Twenty legs, arms, head (Head) Head, head, more head (Head) - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Me and Top is like a Kobe and Phil A father figure fuck with him, you get killed Fuck with me and he will kill you himself - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
And now we look at the competition as quick submission They tappin’ out before we even get a chance to miss ‘em - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
Tell all my angels, "Carry 'em" - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Instrumentals from my mama's Christmas party - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'll still risk it all for a stranger - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
I made an oath when my nigga told me to go in Then he died on a cold bench All my old friends livin' life on a slow end Gotta keep shit rollin', it's deep (It's deep, it's deep, it's deep) - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid (Go crazy) - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
D-O-T my enemy, won't catch a vibe for this shit, ayy - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Tell me that you love me, always thinkin' of me Unconditional, I'm hoping I'm your favorite - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
My auntie became a man and I took pride in it She wasn't gay, she ate pussy, and that was the difference That's what I told my friends in second grade She picking me up from school, they stare at her in the face They couldn't comprehend what I grew accustomed - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
And in my notepad, man, I wrote (Man, I wrote) - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Alright, that's all I wanted to tell you. Just make sure you call us back when you get this message. Here go your mom - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
No more shiners, already too much time took And rappers I hear you talkin' shit I'm just too big to respond to it God forbid I forget though, and jump out the window Somebody better child-proof it (Yeah) - Greatest by Eminem
This dick ain't free - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Felt like the initiation, a reality livin' in the matrix - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
(*Sound of a cassette tape being stopped and fast forwarded*) - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
Her new prima donna I smelt it - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
Oh no, I can't fuck with y'all Yeah, when I'm with my squad, I cannot do no wrong Yeah, saucin' in the city, don't get misinformed - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I come from murder one, brung late night melee - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The days I tried to cover up and conceal My pride, it only made it harder for me to deal - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan? When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan? Won't you look to your left and right? Make sure you ask your friends When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan? - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Is it wickedness? Is it weakness? You decide Are we gonna live or die? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Somebody ngiph' indwangu netissue, I’m drippin' - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Nah, fuck you, nigga (Fuck you, bitch) Oh, wow, okay You got me fucked up Fuck you, fuck you - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Dear Aubrey I know you probably thinkin' I wanted to crash your party - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
Do you believe that Eve had Adam in check - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Say if you a bad bitch, put your hands up high Hands up high, hands up high Tell 'em dim the lights down right now, put me in the mood I'm talkin' 'bout dark room, perfume Go, go - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, I win, then ball at your defeat C-O-M-P-T-O-N, my city mobbin' in the street, yellin' - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Fuck me, nigga (I'ma fuck you, bitch) Nah, fuck me, nigga, fuck me (I'ma fuck you, bitch) Nah, fuck you, fuck me (You playin', man) Fuck me - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
What's up, family? Yeah, it’s your cousin Carl, man, just givin' you a call, man I know you been havin' a lot on yo' mind lately And I know you feel like, you know People ain't been prayin' for you But you have to understand this, man, that we are a cursed people Deuteronomy 28:28 says, "The Lord shall smite thee with madness And blindness, and astonishment of heart" See, family, that's why you feel like you feel Like you got a chip on your shoulder Until you follow His commandments, you gonna feel that way... - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Shooters on top of the building, government aid ain't relief Earthquake, the body dropped, the ground breaks The poor run with smoke lungs and Scarface - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
My auntie became a man and I took pride in it She wasn't gay, she ate pussy, and that was the difference That's what I told my friends in second grade She picking me up from school, they stare at her in the face They couldn't comprehend what I grew accustomed - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
That mean your friends-es need be up to par See, my standards are pampered by threesomes tomorrow (Mm) - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
On top of all that, it wasn't even mine I went and got paternity tested—damn! - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
*Gunshot* - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
like ya involved Like a rebound, - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
In the shadows clingin' to my soul as my only critic - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
They give us guns and drugs, call us thugs, - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Dreams of livin' life like rappers do (Like rappers do, like rappers do) Back when condom wrappers wasn't cool (They wasn't cool, they wasn't cool) - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
I'm famous, I blame this on you, cash in the mirror - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Amityville, ain't seen nothin' scarier - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Don't get involved, listen what the crystal ball say - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
my little brother cryin' - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Maybe I wasn't there (We saw you first) Maybe I wasn't there (I saw you first) Maybe I wasn't there (I saw you first) Maybe I wasn't there - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Hello, new world, all the boys and girls I got some true stories to tell - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Come to me, come, come to me Look at what you've done to me - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
And the screw face when the bae look Won't get you no pussy - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Then I finally found a girl that reverse stress - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
2Teez told me that I'm the one - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
with all disrespect, let me say this - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
He didn't laugh as hard when the kids start joking (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh) "Faggot, faggot, faggot," we ain't know no better Middle school kids with no filter, however I had to be very mindful of my good cousin I knew exactly who he was, but I still loved him - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
(This what God feel like) Huh, he-yeah (This what God feel like) - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
(An-an-an-an-anytime) You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it (And any place) And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright (An-an-an-an-anytime) You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it (And any place) And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Part III] - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
That's why I keep a cross on my chest, either that or a vest - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed - u by Kendrick Lamar
My teething ring was numbed by that nonsense - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You know what the risk is Earthed in ditches, your body revertin' to stiffness - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse: Kendrick Lamar] - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
Now I'm affected, twenty years later trauma has resurfaced - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
(He dead, amen) - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Twenty Gs for the Yeezys off of eBay - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
Been a bad bitch way before any cash came - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
Clueless when you scribble on your pad How you gonna criticize with a chisel on your nads, sizzling your ad? - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Poverty was the case But the money wipin' the tears away - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Let's get it – nights like this, I'm a knight like this Sword in my hand, I fight like this - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ayy, bitch, I'm attractive - Rich Spirit by Kendrick Lamar
Let’s have sex, he said, "Yes", you know he ain’t "no" that - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Started with a dollar and a dream, and you know that - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Light speed living in the world you know Little old me, feeling like a live wire - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
I need some water Something came over me Way too hot to simmer down, might as well overheat Too close to comfort - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
and you ain't gotta tell the wise - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Them demons got me, I ain't prayed in some weeks, uh - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
I feel like sayin' somethin', I feel like takin' somethin' I feel like skatin' off, I feel like waitin' for 'em Maybe it's too late for 'em - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
You ain't get killed in Vegas or in a Suburban - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
But you confirmed my low-end theory though (Ah!) - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
They wanna knock me off the edge like a fuckin' widow's peak, uh - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Feel like I'ma learn you a lesson Feel like only me and the music though I feel like your feelin' ain't mutual - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Don't cry to me dummy, you're a lightweight They tell me you nice and I'm like "wait" - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Hell-raising, wheel-chasing, new worldly possessions Flesh-making, spirit-breaking, which one would you lessen? - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
I hate people that feel entitled (Entitled) Look at me crazy 'cause I didn't invite you (Invite you) Oh, you important? You the moral to the story? You endorsin'? Mothafucka, I don't even like you (Like you) - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
I'll still risk it all for a stranger - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
I'll still risk it all for a stranger - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
But I guess one night I had a few Huh, one night I had a few Yeah, this little chick that caught my eye I told her: "Hurry up, meet me at the room!" And no, I didn't have a contraceptive What my common sense neglected - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
I'm knowin' they call you The Boy, but where is a man? 'Cause I ain't seen him yet - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
I picked you up when you Fell and cut your knee Told you not to cry and held you Close to me - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Serafina, flame in us - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
I seen niggas arguing about who's blacker Even blacked out screens and called it solidarity - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
And if my ship go down, tell me, who will abort? - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Me and the homies - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
Rick James (James), thirty-three chains (Thirty-three) - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
To you, that's a quick check, - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love (Uh) So take a look what you've done (Uh) ‘Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood (Uh), hey! (Hey!) - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Where the blood, where the choke round Gloves for the combat (Combat) How the feds in your contacts? How the feds know my set name? Fled in the Mulsanne (Ayy) - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
You the reason  - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Whoever that's fuckin' with him, fuck you niggas, and fuck the industry too - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
I need some water Something came over me Way too hot to simmer down, might as well overheat Too close to comfort - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Yan Yan my relative, - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah 7:30 in the night, yeah Ooh, ooh - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
**** - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
My cousin might air out the party for fun - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
[Produced by Terrace Martin] - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
I double-parked the Aston in the red - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Lee Baca on trial tryna portray a boxer Beatin' up on my niggas while the CO's watch him - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
What's the difference when your heart is made of stone And your mind is made of gold And your tongue is made of sword, but it may weaken your soul? - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
My New Year's resolution is to stop all the pollution Talk too motherfuckin' much, I got my drink, I got my music - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song (Yeah) Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song (Ooh) - Rich Spirit by Kendrick Lamar
I know your secrets, don't let me tell 'em to the world About that shit you thinkin' - u by Kendrick Lamar
No talking when I’m off that loud - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Kazaam is sad thrills, your gimmick is mediocre The jig is up, I seen you from a mile away losin' focus - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Me and Top is like a Kobe and Phil A father figure fuck with him, you get killed Fuck with me and he will kill you himself - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
I need that sloppy That sloppy (Yo, yo, yo - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
More Act in a lemonade (Act) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Sippin' bubbly, feelin’ lovely, livin' lovely Just love me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Some days I'm in my Yeezys, some days I'm in my Vans - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And to the killer that sped up my demise I forgive you, just know your soul's in question I seen the pain in your pupil when that trigger had squeezed And though you did me gruesome, I was surely relieved I completed my mission, wasn't ready to leave But fulfilled my days, my Creator was pleased - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
New freezer (Woah) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Hereditary, oh, all of my cousins, oh Dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
So dig a shovel full of money, full of power, full of pussy Full of fame and bury yourself alive, - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I am a sinner Who's probably gonna sin again Lord, forgive me, Lord, forgive me Things I don't understand Sometimes, I need to be alone Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
The eyelashes like umbrellas when it rain from the heart - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
Thundercat - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Everything black, I don't want black (They want us to bow) I want everything black, I ain't need black (Down to our knees) Some white, somethin' black, I ain't mean black (And pray to the God) I hate everything black (We don't believe) Black, I want all things black I don't need black, I want everything black I don't need black, our eyes ain't black I own black, I own everything black - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Uh, I got a halo I level up every time God say so - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Milk the game up, never lactose intolerant - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Whitney's hurt, the purest soul I know, I found her in the kitchen - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Box I would surely break the lock I'd jump right in and, and fall asleep, I, I fall asleep 'Cause, 'cause, 'cause you, 'cause you are the death of me 'Cause you are the— If you was in a pine box, box I would surely break the lock I'd jump right in and, and fall asleep, I, I fall asleep 'Cause, 'cause, 'cause you, 'cause you are the death of me 'Cause you are the— The, the death of me, you, you, the death of me - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Hold up, biatch! This yo' favorite song - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I wake in the morning, another appointment I hope the psychologist listenin' - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch First, you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, heroes looking for the villains to help - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
Door and his Nike Air Rattles Rush the fire exit, no time for battles Well I, I never expected - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
And how she think about you until we meet up at night About the only girl cared about you when you asked her And how she fuckin' on a famous rapper Walls can talk (Talk) - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Right now, you lookin' real sus right now - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
How they look at me reflect on myself, my family, my city - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I can debate all my theories and sharing it (Woah) Consolidate all my comparisons Humblin' up because time was imperative (Woah) - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
(To you) - u by Kendrick Lamar
Everything is high stakes nowadays, that’s how it played nowadays It’s like an 8-ball to the face nowadays - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
Put my children to sleep with a prayer, then close my eyes Definition of peace - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
DJ EscoMoe City - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Oh, Lamar Hail Mary and marijuana, times is hard Pray with the hooligans, shadows all in the dark Fellowship with demons and relatives, I'm a star - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Please (Shake that body, party that bod—) Please (Shake that body, party that bod—) Please (Shake that body, party that body) - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Martin had a dream Martin had a dream Kendrick have a dream - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Chase a check (Chase it), never chase a bitch (Don't chase no bitches) - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
This what God feel like, huh, he-yeah Laughin' to the bank like, "A-ha!", huh, he-yeah - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Wake up in the morning, thinking 'bout money, kick your feet up Watch you a comedy—hol' up Wake up in the mornin', thinkin' 'bout money, kick your feet up Watch you a comedy, take a shit, then roll some weed up Go hit you a lick, go fuck on a bitch, don't go to work today Cop you a fit or maybe some kicks and make it work today Hang with the homies, stunt on your baby mama Sip some lean, go get a pistol, shoot out the window Bet your favorite team, play you some Madden Go to the club or your mama house Whatever you doing, just make it count - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Fuck is you talkin' to? Ayy, do you know who you talkin' to? - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, your nails did, your hair did - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
Yeah, heroes looking for the villains to help - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
Oh, oh, collard greens - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss New Orleans and then Miami, party in New York Texas, I be screwed up, Chi-Town, I be really pimpin' - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
[Chorus: ScHoolboy Q] - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
This that new shit This that new, new shit - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
But that's the culture, crack a bottle Hard to deal with the pain when you're sober - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
Give me a run for my money There is nobody, no one to outrun me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
'Cause most of y'all ain't real, most of y'all gon' squeal Most of y'all just envy, but jealousy get you killed Most of y'all throw rocks and try to hide your hand - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I know the price of life, I'm knowin' how much it’s worth I know what I know, and I know it well not to ever forget Until I realized I didn’t know shit, the day I came home - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
I just win again, then win again like Wimbledon, I serve - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
I believe you don't like women, it's real competition, you might pop ass with 'em - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah 7:30 in the night, yeah Ooh, ooh - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
He's starin' at me in disbelief My temper is buildin', he's starin' at me, I grab my key He's starin' at me, I started the car, then I tried to leave And somethin' told me to keep it in park until I could see The reason why he was mad at a stranger Like I was supposed to save him Like I'm the reason he's homeless and askin' me for a favor He's starin' at me, his eyes followed me with no laser He's starin' at me, I notice that his stare is contagious 'Cause now I'm starin' back at him, feelin' some type of disrespect If I could throw a bat at him, it'd be aimin' at his neck I never understood someone beggin' for goods Askin' for handouts, takin' it if they could And this particular person just had it down pat Starin' at me for the longest until he finally asked - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Meanwhile you're chasin' her" Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar & Chelsea Blythe] - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Somebody pop all day, hol' up Somebody on they way, hol' up I wore the crown all day, hol' up Somebody can't relate, hol' up Stay down with no fakin', go up Top-down, I've been racin', go up She wild and been dangerous, go up My crown in rotation, yeah - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Today is the day I follow my intuition Keep the family close, get money, fuck bitches - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't twenty-v-one, it's one-v-twenty if I gotta smack niggas that write with you - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
I’m po-o-o-oppin' Change my phone now when I get home now I got o-o-o-options - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
And to my neighborhood, let the good prevail Make sure them babies and the leaders outta jail Look for salvation when troubles get real 'Cause you can't help the world until you help yourself - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
Know you can't sleep, these images trouble you Know the wires in your circle should puzzle you - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Yan Yan my relative, - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
Where the blood, where the choke round Gloves for the combat (Combat) How the feds in your contacts? How the feds know my set name? Fled in the Mulsanne (Ayy) - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss New Orleans and then Miami, party in New York Texas, I be screwed up, Chi-Town, I be really pimpin' - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Say, say, say - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And then she started And then she started feelin' herself like no one else in this apartment - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Choice is devastated, decapitated the horseman - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar] - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
But nothing like my hometown, I'll forever live in - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Hopped out the Caddy, just got my dick sucked The little homies called and said, "The enemies done cliqued up" - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, Tupac dead, gotta think for yourself - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
Walked out the gas station A homeless man with a semi-tan complexion Asked me for ten Rand, stressin' about dry land - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Me, I wasn’t taught to share, but care In another life, I surely was there Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care I care, I care - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Future & Kendrick Lamar] - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
The head still good, though; the head still good, though Make me say "Nam Myoho Renge Kyo" Make a nigga say big words and act lyrical Make me get spiritual, make me believe in miracles Buddhist monks and Cap'n Crunch cereal - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
What a life we die to live in - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Know you a master manipulator and habitual liar too But don't tell no lie about me and I won't tell truths 'bout you - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Corrupt a man's heart with a gift (With a gift) That's how you find out who you dealin' with (Dealin' with) - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
When living in a world that come with plan B - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
The feelin' is toxic, I feel like I'm boxin' demons Monsters, false prophets schemin' Sponsors, industry promises - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Get a toe tag when you play tag With a task of a new (Task force) - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
You could never trivialize pussy But a bum nigga like you would try it (Pussy) - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
How tough is your skin when they turn you in? Do you show forgiveness? - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Okay, I know that's borderline Compton or Paramount "Well, is it Compton?" "No," she replied - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated - u by Kendrick Lamar
And Demetrius was to blame - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
I understand I ain't perfect, I probably won't come around - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
And if you ain't my nigga, then your girl single to me I don't give a damn if a nigga said he knew me - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'd rather fuck on your cousin Bitch, you said you gon' fuck who? You heard me, nigga, it's nothing (Alright) - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I been stomped out in front of my mama - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 3] - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
If you leave this time, I fear that you'll be gone for good, so And I hold on like leaves in fall to what is left - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ain't never been no rapper this cold since 2Pac was froze And thawed out for a spot date at a Coachella show—Yelawolf - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
It's nothin' we can do now, somebody walked in with a pound (Woah) Of that Bay Area kush, she looked at me, then looked - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Well, this is my explanation straight from Ethiopia N-E-G-U-S definition: royalty; king royalty - wait, listen N-E-G-U-S description: black emperor, king, ruler, now let me finish The history books overlooked the word and hide it - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Don't shit last, don't shit last and you know that Went to hell, got hot didn't melt The only man above me is God himself All these other niggas is below me - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You wanna see a dead body? - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Clueless when you scribble on your pad How you gonna criticize with a chisel on your nads, sizzling your ad? - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Your defense mechanism is my decision Knock these walls down, that's my religion - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
My girl told me don't let these hoes get in my head My world been ecstatic, I checked the signal that read— - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 3] - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
Your behavior is Sammy the Bull like A killer that turned snitch Walls is tellin' me you a bitch - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Baller futuristic, groovy gangsta with an attitude - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ain't no law, boy, you ball boy, fetch Gatorade or somethin' - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
They sing the same old song About how they walls always the cleanest I beg to differ, I must've missed them - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
I was born like this, since one like this, immaculate conception I transform like this, perform like this, was Yeshua new weapon - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
I see myself as a natural-born hustler A true hustler in every sense of the word I took nothin', I took the opportunities I worked at the m-most menial and degrading job And built myself up so I could get it to where I owned it I-I went from having somebody managing me To me hiring the person that works my management company (Right) I changed everything, I realized my destiny In a matter of five years, you know what I'm saying? I made myself a millionaire (Right), I made—, I made millions for a lot of people Now it's time to make millions for myself, you know what I'm saying? I made millions for the record companies (Mhm) I made millions for these movie companies (Mhm) Now I make millions for, for us - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Ayy, I am the truth Ayy, I am the wisdom of the fallen; I'm the youth - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I bought a '87 for the weekend (The weekend) - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Everything sweet ain't sugar-coated - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ain't no brownie points for beating your chest, harassin' Ant - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
My auntie became a man and I took pride in it She wasn't gay, she ate pussy, and that was the difference That's what I told my friends in second grade She picking me up from school, they stare at her in the face They couldn't comprehend what I grew accustomed - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch pussy smell like a penguin - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q] - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Me, I wasn’t taught to share, but care In another life, I surely was there Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care I care, I care - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Black Hippy shit, Rock gon' bleed 'em - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Never met a motherfucker fresh like me (Yeah) All these motherfuckers wanna dress like me (Uh) - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
A suit and tie is suitable and usual in suicide - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
"Ayy, y'all—duck" - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
That's a relay race with a bouquet - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Thgifnug a ni eid dna rehtaf a tuohtiw pu werg I elihW Efil 'nivres eb dluoc gwaD poT ,ykcuD dellik ynohtnA fi esuaceB Ecnedicnioc morf eb dluow reppar tsetaerg eht thguoht reveohW? Tnedicni nekcihc taht tuoba meht 'nidnimer trats uoy nehT Stifeneb rieht 'nipaer yeht erehw soiduts gnidrocer edisnI Niaga teem me' ekam uoy ,sregnarts emas meht ,retal sraey ytnewT Ti htiw evil dna seciohc nwo rieht ekam nac yeht os luos a me' eviG Stnemaciderp modnar ni me' tup dna sregnarts owt ekat uoY Yhw uoy llet ll'I dna ,amrak doog dna tsefinam eht esreveR Emit a ta esruc eno ,sevil yeht fo htob degnahc noisiced eno tahT Noitnetta yaP— Erac tuB —Tpecnoc etalucammi ,siht ekil eno ecnis retrauq eniacoC AND ym edisni ytlayor tog ,ytlayoL —Tog I ,tog I ,tog I ,tog I So, I was takin' a walk the other day… - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Matter fact, I ain't even bleed him yet, can I bleed him? (Bet) - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Me and my bitch, took a little trip Down to the garden, took a little dip (Oh no) Apple juice falling from her lips, took a little sip - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And in my notepad, man, I wrote (Man, I wrote) - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Nobody can't mute me But I never said nobody can't shoot me - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
That I'ma get fucked up, fillin' up my cup - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Hold up, biatch! This yo' favorite song - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
But I can never right my wrongs unless I write 'em down for real, PS - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Throw a steak off the ark to a pool full of sharks, he'll take it Leave him in the wilderness with a sworn nemesis, he'll make it (He'll make it) Take the gratitude from him, I bet he'll show you somethin', woah (Woah) - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
Ducky was well-aware They robbed the manager and shot a customer last year He figured he'd get on these niggas' good sides Free chicken every time Anthony posted in line, two extra biscuits Anthony liked him and then let him slide, they didn't kill him In fact, it look like they're the last to survive - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Motherfuck that album, fuck that single Burn that hard drive (Burn that shit) Ain't nobody safe - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
My radiance rather gorgeous, hundred bill to the doorman Hundred mil' in my fortune, they call me back in the morning - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
And you're right, your brother was a brother to me And your sister's situation was the one that pulled me In a direction to speak on somethin' that's realer than the TV screen - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
I can see the evil, I can tell it, I know it's illegal - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar] - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
with a skateboard I roll past and I blaze y'all  - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Is it wickedness? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Percocets ('Cets, ye), molly, Percocets (Big foreigns) - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I put a Rolls Royce on my wrist, oh yeah - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Born warrior, lookin' for euphoria But I don't see it, - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo DVD's, plasma-screen TV's in the trunk - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
Three angels watchin' me all the time - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, touché, en garde - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Hell, you know my repertoire is like a wrestler I show you the ropes, - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
tell the pop star quit hidin' Fuck a caption, want action, no accident - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
Fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuckin' it up - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Fast forward, wait, is that you? With them big ol' thighs after school? And your three kids and three baby daddies Same car note that’s overdue? - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
I'm an artist, and I'm sensitive about my shit, yes, I'm - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
New bitch wanna fuck to my AP (AP, ice) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I see the feelin', the freedom is granted as soon as the damage of vodka arrived - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
But now my album platinum and shit, so what? Y'all keep the numbers - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Diggin' in my pocket, ain't a profit big enough to feed you - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
Walk out the door and they scream, "It's alive" - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
You the reason bitches start fuckin' with bitches when they change You the reason bitches start callin' y'all bitches 'cause y'all useless - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
I'm talking Higher power, every other hour since Eddie Bauer Since stash boxes and lead showers, breaking the padlock - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
It's a game to me, where the bedroom at? Sleep, I ain't nevеr had affairs with that - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
What I call the realest comin' from a student Told myself to use a poem as a Uzi - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
A dollar might just fuck your main bitch That's just how I feel, nah A dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with That's just how I feel, nah, nah A dollar might just make that lane switch That's just how I feel, nah A dollar might turn to a million and we all rich That's just how I feel - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Capitalists posing as compassionates be offending me Yeah, suck my dick with authenticity - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
The history had trickled down and made us ign'ant My favorite cousin said he's returning the favor And following my auntie with the same behavior - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Tell me you're cheesin', fam We can do this right now on the camera, crodie - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
This dick ain't free - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
I remember you was conflicted Misusing your influence Sometimes I did the same Abusing my power, full of resentment Resentment that turned into a deep depression Found myself screaming in a hotel room - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
What is a rapper with jewelry? A way that I show my maturity - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
And I s—, and I—, and I—, and I say this because I, I love you niggas, man I love all my niggas, bro - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Uh, I got a halo I level up every time God say so - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood (Uh) You know it used to be mad love (Uh) So take a look what you've done (Look what you've done, hey) 'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! (Ooh, oh) Now we've got problems (Uh) And I don't think we can solve 'em (Uh) You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Young dope dealer, sellin' dope, is you like that? (If you like that) Kickin' doors, kickin' in doors, is you like that? (Yeah) Young throwed nigga, sellin' loads, is you like that? (Yeah) - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Red light, green light, red light, green light Red light, green light, they like  [Verse: Kendrick Lamar] We like fast cars, fast money, fast life, fast broads - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
[Produced by Sounwave] - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
You got a medal for us Leavin' metaphors - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
[Verse 2] - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
New Kung Fu Kenny Ain't nobody prayin' for me - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
And I been hustlin' all day, this-a-way, that-a-way Through canals and alleyways, just to say - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Uh, Martin had a dream Martin had a dream Kendrick have a dream - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
When Kanye got back with Drake, I was slightly confused Guess I'm not mature as I think, got some healin' to do - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
[Break: Jessica Vielmas] (Loving you ain't really complicated) - u by Kendrick Lamar
He looked at me and said, "Know the truth, it'll set you free You're lookin' at the Messiah, the son of Jehovah, the higher power The choir that spoke the word, the Holy Spirit The nerve of Nazareth, and I'll tell you just how much a dollar cost - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
These walls could talk, they'd tell me to go deep Yellin' at me continuously, I can see - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
This crack into rap music every other zip is a track Get used to it, get it off quick - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
All your life I watched you And now you all grown up to sign this contract, if that’s possible" - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
She copy like 10-4, know who we sent for - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Don't give up, I won't give up Don't give up, no, no, no Don't give up, I won't give up Don't give up, no, no, no - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Don't you address me unless it's with four letters - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
She love my licorice, I let her lick it (Alright) - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
You better change what comes out your speaker You better change, ch-change, ch-change, ch-change You better change what comes out your speaker Th-Th-Th-Th-Th-They must be on the dick of who? Th-Th-Th-Th-Th-They must be on the dick of who? - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Lately, in James 4:4 says "Friend of the world is enemy of the Lord" - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Put a price on my head won't make me run Try to kill me but it can't be done 'Cause my words gon' live forever You put two and two together Cole here forever - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'm in the streets sometimes and can't afford it - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
We gon' ball again 'fore he call us home - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm diagnosed with real nigga conditions - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Bought an '83 Cutlass for the weekend (For the weekend) - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Ain't heard my album? Who you sleepin' on? You should print the lyrics out and have a fuckin' read-along - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
my la familia go hard Down to my inlaws, they outlaws with no laws - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
I pledge every word you ever heard was honest - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Goddamn, I feel amazin', damn, I'm in the Matrix - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Nappy-ass dreads, what's that you say? Watch your mouth, Milli Vanilli, ooh - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
He don't mind, he know we'll never respect The good kid, m.A.A.d. city." - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
What you want from me? Is it truth you seek? Oh, father, can you hear me? What you want from me? Is it truth you seek? Oh, father, can you hear me? Hear me out - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Lamar stated his views on police brutality With that line in the song, quote "And we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'" Oh, please, ugh, I don't like it - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
My best days, oh, I stress days (Lord, forgive me for all my sins, for I not know—) My best days, oh, I stress days, oh - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
"20 on pump 6," dirty Marcellus called me Dumbo Twenty years ago, can't forget Now I can lend him a ear or two How to stack these residuals tenfold The liberal concept of what men'll do - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
All my descendants, they come in my sleep and say I am too real (Huh, facts) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Tapped in when I'm maxed in Comp-Town with the MAC-10s - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
('Cause before you know it, everything's gone) - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
Shooters on top of the building, government aid ain't relief Earthquake, the body dropped, the ground breaks The poor run with smoke lungs and Scarface - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Clueless when you scribble on your pad How you gonna criticize with a chisel on your nads, sizzling your ad? - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
I'm an artist, and I'm sensitive about my shit, yes, I'm - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
X the hoes in my bed is 'round the same amount (What?) - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated - u by Kendrick Lamar
I see double cups (yonke indawo) O'volovolo (yonke indawo) - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
he a 69 God, ayy - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
And I got hunger pain that grow insane - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
He don't mind, he know we'll never respect The good kid, m.A.A.d. city." - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
If I didn't ride blade on curb, would you still love me? If I minimized my net worth, would you still love me? - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
I want the credit if I'm losin' or I'm winnin' On my mama, that's the realest shit - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
I got 'em and I ain't give a fuck That same mentality I told my brother not to duck - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
What you want you? A house or a car? Forty acres and a mule, a piano, a guitar? - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
Not on my, not while I'm up here Not on my time, kill the music, not on my time We could save that shit for the streets We could save that shit, this for the kids, bro - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
'Cause I (Want you) - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
You ain’t no brother, you ain’t no disciple, you ain’t no friend A friend never leave Compton for profit - u by Kendrick Lamar
When you got the yams—(What's the yams?) - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
Psst, I see dead people - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
We depart the shady parts and party hard The diamonds yours, the coupe forever - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
I am the omega, pgLang, Rollie gang, SIE - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
Heart plays in ways the mind can't figure out Heart plays in ways the mind can't— Heart plays in ways the mind can't figure out This is how we conceptualize human beings - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Cocaine quarter piece, got war and peace inside my DNA - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
pay attention That one decision changed both of they lives, one curse at a time Reverse the manifest and good karma, and I'll tell you why You take two strangers and put 'em in random predicaments Give 'em a soul, so they can make their own choices and live with it Twenty years later, them same strangers, you make 'em meet again Inside recording studios where they reapin' their benefits Then you start remindin' them about that chicken incident Whoever thought the greatest rapper would be from coincidence? Because if Anthony killed Ducky, Top Dawg could be servin' life While I grew up without a father and die in a gunfight - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
My homeboy just domed a nigga, I just hope the Lord forgive him - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
I woke up that morning with more heart to give you As I bleed through the speakers, feel my presence To my brother, to my kids, I'm in Heaven To my mother, to my sis, I'm in Heaven To my father, to my wife, I am serious, this is Heaven To my friends, make sure you countin' them blessings To my fans, make sure you make them investments - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
Martin had a dream Martin had a dream Kendrick have a dream - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
I shall proceed, that's me, mothafuck your opinion - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
This orphanage we call a ghetto is quite a routine - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
The summer had passed, and now I'm likin' her Conversation we havin' probably enticin' her Who can imagine? Maybe my actions'll end up wifin' her - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
I pledge every word you ever heard was honest - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
[Instrumental Outro] - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Indulging myself in my life and my music The world that I'm in is a cul-de-sac - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Everything is everything, this ain't coincidental - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
I climax where you begin and then I end on cloud nine And that's important when you morph into an angel in the sky - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
and they was preaching to you over there telling you about the good book because right about now that's what y'all need. - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
[Verse 2: SZA] - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
It seems that all the autumn leaves are fallin' - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I hope I'm not too late To set my demons straight I know I made you wait But how much can you take? I hope you see the God in me I hope you can see And if it's up, stay down for me Yeah - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Stop - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Clueless when you scribble on your pad How you gonna criticize with a chisel on your nads, sizzling your ad? - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Got a chopper, not the AK (Ayy) - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
Liberation… Leader… Popular pie plant pictured here… Wile E. Coyote! Wile E. Coyote! - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
If I told you who I am, would you use it against me? - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
No back and forth with these rappers They mention me, dissin' me No talkin' back, I won't mention you - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Wait, are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? I live on ten Wait, but are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Hol' up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
I'ma rain, I'ma rain on this bitter love Tell the sweet I'm new - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Put the Bible down and go eye for an eye for this shit - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Tell me that you love me, always thinkin' of me Unconditional, I'm hoping I'm your favorite - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Six in the morn' Fire in the street Burn, baby, burn (You, you, you, you, you) That's all I wanna see (You, you, you, you, you) And sometimes I get off watchin' you die in vain - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
What is a bitch in a miniskirt? A man in his feelings with bitter nerve - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Put some respect on my name - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Jumpin' on what the hell is that? I gotta relax when I feel (Huh, facts) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
When I get signed, homie, I'ma act a fool Hit the dance floor, strobe lights in the room Snatch your little secretary bitch for the homies Blue-eyed devil with a fat-ass monkey I'ma buy a brand new Caddy on vogues Trunk the hood up, two times, deuce-four - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
Seventeen with nothin' but pussy stuck on my mental My motive was rather sinful - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Left my girl in the house alone (Ah!) Is that my soon-to-be-spouse’s moan? And the further I walk, the louder (Ah, ah!) Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard ‘Cause after all, this is her place So I give her the benefit of the doubt, I - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I got ate alive yesterday - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Chase a check (Chase it), never chase a bitch (Don't chase no bitches) - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Kendrick Lamar & 2Pac - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't a fuckin' sing-along 'less you brought the weed along - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
Mass destruction and mass corruption, the souls of sufferin' men Clutchin' on deaf ears again, rapture's comin' It's all prophecy and if I gotta be Sacrificed for the greater good, then that's what it gotta be - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Thinking of some bullshit to tell him Like "It'll be okay, you'll be straight, it'll be aight" Well, fuck that shit - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
(Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up; I got stamina) - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Man, I swear my nigga trippin' off that shit again Pick him up, then I set him in cold water Then I order someone to bring him Vicodin Hope that take the pain away From the feelin' that he feel today - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Sawed-off, raw dog fashion - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
If you miss me And you can't find Me nowhere - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Ngiphethe ucherry we ngamla, black card on her - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
You lookin' at artistses like they're harvestses - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
World is going brazy, where did we go wrong? - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
I fought like a pitbull terrier Blood I shed could fill up aquariums - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Hennessy and, for my niggas, OG Killa Call it Jason Voorhees, boy, he's on his job - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
I got enough to get me through the traffic jam At least I hope, 'cause my pockets broke as a promise, man - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't heard my album? Who you sleepin' on? You should print the lyrics out and have a fuckin' read-along - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
Now POV of you and me, similar Iraq I don't hate you, but I hate to critique, overrate you These beats of a dark heart, use basslines to replace you Take time and erase you, love don't hear no more - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Sounwave caught a Grammy last year - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
I was 28 years young, twenty mill' in tax - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Uh, Martin had a dream Martin had a dream Kendrick have a dream - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
I'm free to be the greatest, I'm alive I'm free to be the greatest here tonight, the greatest The greatest, the greatest alive The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Kayla Duckworth: Laugh] - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
Animaniac the only thing that gave me peace of mind - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Been a killer, '86er nigga, that's my born year - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
I rap, I black on track, so rest assured My rights, my wrongs, I write 'til I'm right with God - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
Life, can be like, a box of chocolate - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
The girl of your dreams to me is a fan - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
Thgifnug a ni eid dna rehtaf a tuohtiw pu werg I elihW Efil 'nivres eb dluoc gwaD poT ,ykcuD dellik ynohtnA fi esuaceB Ecnedicnioc morf eb dluow reppar tsetaerg eht thguoht reveohW? Tnedicni nekcihc taht tuoba meht 'nidnimer trats uoy nehT Stifeneb rieht 'nipaer yeht erehw soiduts gnidrocer edisnI Niaga teem me' ekam uoy ,sregnarts emas meht ,retal sraey ytnewT Ti htiw evil dna seciohc nwo rieht ekam nac yeht os luos a me' eviG Stnemaciderp modnar ni me' tup dna sregnarts owt ekat uoY Yhw uoy llet ll'I dna ,amrak doog dna tsefinam eht esreveR Emit a ta esruc eno ,sevil yeht fo htob degnahc noisiced eno tahT Noitnetta yaP— Erac tuB —Tpecnoc etalucammi ,siht ekil eno ecnis retrauq eniacoC AND ym edisni ytlayor tog ,ytlayoL —Tog I ,tog I ,tog I ,tog I So, I was takin' a walk the other day… - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars approach you All the stars approach you All the stars approach you This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars are closer All the stars are closer All the stars are closer - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
I am a legacy, I come from the seventy The Al Green offspring, guns and the melody - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
On your pulse like it’s EDM - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
I see double cups (yonke indawo) O'volovolo (yonke indawo) - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Learn shit 'bout bein' a man and disguise it as bein' gangsta - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
I remember you took me to the mall last week, baby You looked me in my eyes about four, five times 'Til I was hypnotized, then you clarified That I (Want you) - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
It's a recession, then why the fuck he at King of Diamonds? No more livin' poor, meet my four-four - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Faded, Vegas, might sponsor the killer - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I picked you up when you Fell and cut your knee Told you not to cry and held you Close to me - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Sneak me through the back window, I’m a good field nigga I made a flower for you outta cotton just to chill with you - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
I hate people that feel entitled (Entitled) Look at me crazy 'cause I didn't invite you (Invite you) Oh, you important? You the moral to the story? You endorsin'? Mothafucka, I don't even like you (Like you) - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Serafina, flame in us - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
This is post-traumatic Black families and a sodomy, today is still active So I set free myself from all the guilt that I thought I made So I set free my mother all the hurt that she titled shame So I set free my cousin, chaotic for my mother's pain I hope Hykeem made you proud 'cause you ain't die in vain So I set free the power of Whitney, may she heal us all So I set free our children, may good karma keep them with God So I set free the hearts filled with hatred, keep our bodies sacred As I set free all you abusers, this is transformation - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Drop - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Young dope dealer, sellin' dope, is you like that? (If you like that) Kickin' doors, kickin' in doors, is you like that? (Yeah) Young throwed nigga, sellin' loads, is you like that? (Yeah) - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
I want the credit if I'm losin' or I'm winnin' On my mama, that's the realest shit - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Oh shit, flow's so sick, don't you swallow it Bitin' my style, you're salmonella poison positive - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
I want you to know that Lucy got you - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Lee Baca on trial tryna portray a boxer Beatin' up on my niggas while the CO's watch him - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
I mean he's really Mary-Ann, even took things further Changed his gender before Bruce Jenner was certain Living his truth even if it meant see a surgeon - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
And pessimists never struck my nerve - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
I practiced runnin' from fear, guess I had some good luck - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar] - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
Tax man comin', tax man comin' Tax man comin', tax man comin' Tax man comin', tax man comin' Tax man comin', tax man comin' - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
Vengeance is mine, said the Lord - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I get those goosebumps every time, I need the Heimlich - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself? - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
La di da di da, slob on me knob Pass me some syrup, fuck me in the car La di da di da, mothafuck the law - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
[Verse 2: Drake] - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Obama say, "What it do?" Obama say, "What it do?" Obama say, "What it do?" - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
The thought's scary, yo, though and it hurts—brace! - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Produced by LoveDragon] - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
this jam will lay scripted - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Swag surfin' all through the world, slide through the sea on a comet - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Goddamn! Got a bald fade, I might slam - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Huh, two ATMs (Hah, hah, hah, hah) You steppin' or what? (You outta pocket, huh) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Soulo Ho3 the prophet, yeah, Soulo hold the profit That's the fortune teller makin' withdrawals and deposits - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
R. Kelly can't recognize that he's abusive Man, shut the fuck up, we all know you still playin' his music - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Ayy, Mustard on the beat, ho - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin' - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
In my mama's sofa was a doo-doo popper Hair trigger, walk up closer, ain't no Photoshoppin' - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
Yes, Lord - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
Now POV of you and me, similar Iraq I don't hate you, but I hate to critique, overrate you These beats of a dark heart, use basslines to replace you Take time and erase you, love don't hear no more - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I just win again, then win again like Wimbledon, I serve - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm laced nowadays, my gun is off the waist nowadays - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
but it stayed stagnant Then I poked at it some more - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Cocaine laced in marijuana And they wonder why I rarely smoke now Imagine if your first blunt had you foamin' at the mouth I was straight tweakin', - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
Potato over my gun I move in silence 'cause niggas be clocking my funds - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Before I sleep, I talk to God, he must be mad with me, it's karma - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Miss me with that bullshit (Bullshit) You ain't really wild, you a tourist (A tourist) - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Anybody fightin' through the—? - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Platinum Chanel - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
So the iceberg never broke And I poked at it, and I poked at it, and I poked at it, and I poked (And I poked) And I poked at it, - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And that dead body gon' smell foul when it fouls out - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
If everything is dipped in gold, then, baby, it will never grow - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I meditate and moderate all of my wins again - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
And Demetrius was to blame - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
or Kurt Cobain Loaded that clip and then said bang The drama it bring is crazy - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with Just love me, just love me, just love me I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with Love me I wanna be with you Love me, just love me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
A child should never be compromised and he keepin' his child around them - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
Shimmy ya, shimmy ya, shimmy ya rah (Yeah) - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
And celebrity do not mean integrity, you fool I'm a good man, shake your hand, firm grip rule - Rich Spirit by Kendrick Lamar
They had a son, hopin' that he'd see college Hustlin' on the side with a nine-to-five to freak it - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Phuza i-Lean, smokin', you know poppin' Xanax - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
[Produced By: J.LBS & T.H.C] - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Feel somethin' wrong You actin' shifty, you don't vibe With me no more, I need Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
I place blame on you still, place shame on you still Feel like you ain't shit, feel like you don't feel Confidence in yourself, breakin' on marble floors - u by Kendrick Lamar
I Milly Rock when I get that advance - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I was born like this, since one like this, immaculate conception I transform like this, perform like this, was Yeshua new weapon - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
Function on fire, burn the roof off this mothafucka - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
When I was 27, I grew accustomed to more fear Accumulated 10 times over throughout the years My newfound life made all of me magnified How many accolades do I need to block denial? The shock value of my success put bolts in me - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
I just cry for no reason I just pray for no reason I just thank for the life, for the day For the hours and another life breathin' - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Get Top on the phone - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
It goes, "Sherm sticks, burn this" That's what the product smell like when the chemicals mix - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
You the reason, we overlooked, underpaid, under-booked, under shame - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Platinum on everythin', platinum on weddin' ring - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
makin' excuse that your relief Is in the bottom of a bottle and the greenest indo leaf - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Pussy got endless prisoners, pussy always revengin' her - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar] - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
I'ma get my Uncle Sam to fuck you up You ain't no king - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Runnin’ this shit with four pair, son of my bitch, I might demolish A bitch right in front ya, chico, what have you done here? - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
Not on my, not while I'm up here Not on my time, kill the music, not on my time We could save that shit for the streets We could save that shit, this for the kids, bro - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
7-1-3 Through the 2-8-1, yeah, I'm ridin', why they on me? - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Cartoons and (Cereal!) I ain't felt this (Good since!) Scrooge McDuck (Here we go!), elementary hood shit - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
[Verse 4: Kendrick Lamar] - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Let it breathe, I control, California living 'til I am old - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Dreams of livin' life like rappers do (Like rappers do, like rappers do) Bump that new E-40 after school (Way after school, way after school) You know, "Big Ballin' With My Homies" (My homies) Earl Stevens had us thinkin' rational (Thinkin' rational, that's rational) - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Me and Top is like a Kobe and Phil A father figure fuck with him, you get killed Fuck with me and he will kill you himself - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
and triple through triplets of babies right now And that might break the record and no, that don't mean you're fertile That means we're fuckin' reckless, plus we don't use protection - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Start up that Maserati and, vroom, vroom, I'm racin' - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Dedicated to the songs I wrote in the Bible - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Kendrick, where you at? - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Keep it a hundred, I'd rather you trust me than to love me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Lately, I lust over self (Lust turn into fear) - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
The Elohim, KTW - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Then ju— okay, I got it Then just drop down and get your eagle on - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
Got Benjamin Franklin phezulu koMadiba (No homo) - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Nigga, don't approach her with that Atari Nigga, that ain't good game, homie, sorry - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
If he walk around with that stick, it ain't André 3K Think I won't drop the location? I still got PTSD - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Everything I write is a damn eight ball - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
And Russia need a replay button, y'all up to somethin' - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
He said, "Son, how come you think you'll be my connect?" I said, "Pops, your ass is washed up, with all due respect" - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Wait, are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? I live on ten Wait, but are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Hol' up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Say, say, say - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Smokin' on the finest dope, ayy-ayy-ayy-ah Drank until I can't no mo', ayy-ayy-ayy-ah Really I'm a sober soul But I'm with the homies right now And we ain't askin' for no favors Rush a nigga quick, then laugh about it later, ayy-ayy-ayy-ah Really, I'm a peacemaker But I'm with the homies right now And Momma used to say (Say, say, say, say) One day it's gon' burn you out (Woo) One day it's gon' burn you out, out, out One day it's gon' burn you out (You, you, you, you, you, you) One day it's gon' burn you But I'm with the homies right now - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: James Fauntleroy] - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Hoochie, coochie, pussies in a trance - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
Race barriers make inferior of you and I - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
And to my partners that figured it out without a father I salute you, may your blessings be neutral to your toddlers It's crucial, they can't stop us if we see the mistakes - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
Shout-out to Jackie Chan, I need to stunt right now - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
I'ma break out and then hide every lock, I'ma break out and then hide every lock - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Darling, I told you many times And I am telling you once again Just to remind you, sweetheart That my— - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
And the screw face when the bae look Won't get you no pussy - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar] (I love myself) Uh, and when you lookin' at me, ah, tell me what do you see? (I love myself) Ahh, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the bully (I love myself) Huh, illuminated by the hand of God, boy don't seem shy (I love myself) - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Purple Label on her back, but that tab is light blue - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
And not only me, but it goes down my family tree - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
I been duckin' the pandemic, I been duckin' the social gimmicks I been duckin' the overnight activists, yeah I'm not a trending topic, I'm a prophet - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
Who gon' pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? 'Cause I'm alone, you see If I'm gon' die for you, if I'm gon' kill for you Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Vladimir making nightmares (How I get so low?) - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
And matter fact, did I mention that I physically feel great? A doctor's approval is a waste of time, I know I'm straight - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Take off the unloyal, take off the unsure, take off decisions I lack (Take it off) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Wake up in the morning, thinking 'bout money, kick your feet up Hop in the shower, put on your makeup, lace your weave up Touch on yourself, call up your nigga, tell him he ain't shit - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
I chip a nigga, then throw the blower in his lap Walk myself to the court like, "Bitch, I did that" - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
Cadillac Seville, he'd ride his son around on weekends Three-piece special with his name on the shirt pocket - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Sent a picture of her titties, blowin' up my texts I looked at 'em and almost ran my front bumper into Corvette - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q] - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Session 10, breakthrough - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Story of a gun-clapper really tryna make a change Everybody ain't blessed, my nigga Yes, my nigga, you're blessed, take advantage, do your best, my nigga - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Hundred thousand (Aw, yeah, aw, shit, hahahaha) Hundred thousand, you gotta see it! Look, look, look, go back to the down note They all sing this shit, everybody - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
If I knew y'all made plans, I wouldn't have popped the Xans - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
He said, "My son, temptation is one thing that I've defeated Listen to me, I want a single bill from you Nothin' less, nothin' more" I told him I ain't have it and closed my door - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Hundred thousand (Aw, yeah, aw, shit, hahahaha) Hundred thousand, you gotta see it! Look, look, look, go back to the down note They all sing this shit, everybody - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
Would you sell your bro for leverage? (Let's go) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
The Embassy 'bout to get raided too, it's only a matter of time - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
You're dealing with malpractice, don't kill a good nigga's confidence Just 'cause he a nerd and you don't know what a condom is - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
I was 28 years young, twenty mill' in tax - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Five-O askin' me what's in my possession - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Color of your skin? Color of your eyes That's the real blues, baby, like you met Jay's baby, uh You blew me away, you think more beauty in blue, green and grey - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
Fall back, bitch, I got a lot on my plate Don't waste my breath I don't know how many moons a nigga got left - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
(Nah I’m just fuckin’ wit cha) - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
The same day we say we in the area cruisin' in Toronto Hit me on the cellular, thought he was gonna sell me a false word like the rappers I know Sat down with a few drinks, located where you can't see us A white waitress on standby when we need her - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Who gon' pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? 'Cause I'm alone, you see If I'm gon' die for you, if I'm gon' kill for you Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
I'm a savage, I'm a asshole, I’m a king - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
[Chorus: Kendall Morgan, Wrekonize & Both] - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Jealous of my wisdom and cards I dealt Watchin' me as I pull up, fill up my tank, then peel out - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse: Kendrick Lamar] - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
A.K.A. Benz is to me just a car (Mm) - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
New Kung Fu Kenny - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
Water watchin', live my life in nature, only thing relieves me - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
(Icky-icky, icky-icky) - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Can you be immortalized without your life being expired? Even though you share the same blood, is it worth the time? Like, who got your best interest? Like, how much are you dependent? How clutch are the people that say they love you? And who pretending? - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Before I go in fast asleep, love me for me I bare my soul and now we're free - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Never let a man piss on your leg, son Either you die right there or pop that man in the head, son - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
Goddamn, I got bitches, damn, I got bitches Damn, I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend, and mistress All my life, I want money and power - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
And if these mirrors could talk it'd say, "You gotta go" - u by Kendrick Lamar
Parasites in my stomach keep me with a gut feeling, y'all Gotta see how I'm chillin' once I park this luxury car Hopping out feeling big as Mutombo - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
At 27, my biggest fear was losin' it all - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Promises are broken and more resentment come alive - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
I said I'm geeked and I'm fired up (Fired, fire) All I want tonight is just to get high up (Yeah) All I want is, all I want is - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows stay propellin' Let my words be your Earth and moon, you consume every message As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression And with that— - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
You lied about your son, you lied about your daughter, huh You lied about them other kids that's out there hopin' that you come - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
(An-an-an-an-anytime) You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it (And any place) And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright (An-an-an-an-anytime) You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it (And any place) And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Is it wickedness? Is it weakness? You decide Are we gonna live or die? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
I grieve different I grieve different (Huh) - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Sincerely, yours truly, and right before you go blind, PS - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Blank Face has gotta X 'em off Enemies gotta bob and weave - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
I've been goin' through somethin' One-thousand eight-hundred and fifty-five days I've been goin' through somethin' Be afraid - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Nah, homie, we too sensitive, it spill out to the streets - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga, I'ma make it look sexy If I gotta go hard on a bitch, I'ma make it look sexy I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy They won't take me out my element Nah, take me out my element - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Sag all the way to the liquor store Where my niggas pour up 4 and get twisted some more - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
I been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo Your homeboy, your block that you're from, boo-boo Lil' hoes you went to school with, boo-boo Baby mama and your new bitch, boo-boo - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, huh, huh, ugh You ugly as fuck (You outta pocket) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
I think that I'm feelin' the vibe, I see the love in her eyes - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar] - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Uh, and when I wake up I recognize you're looking at me for the pay cut - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
[Part I: "untitled 07 | levitate"] - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
A four-year-old tellin' his nanny he needed her His family history: pimpin' and bangin' He was meant to be dangerous - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
The world is endin', I'm done pretendin' And fuck you if you get offended - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
I got a bone to pick I don't want you monkey-mouth motherfuckers Sittin' in my throne again Ayy, ayy, nigga, what's happenin'? K-Dot back in the hood, nigga! I'm mad (He mad!), but I ain't stressin' True friends, one question - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
The New Earth in hot pursuit, two-hundred lives - Rich Spirit by Kendrick Lamar
[Skit] - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
and triple through triplets of babies right now And that might break the record and no, that don't mean you're fertile That means we're fuckin' reckless, plus we don't use protection - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
When the bright cameras are still crammin' in your face And it provoke (Provoke) You to act mannish, just stay planted 'Cause you reapin' what you sow - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
All my descendants, they come in my sleep and say I am too real (Huh, facts) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Tell 'em it's TDE 'til I'm DDT'd in that grave - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Prognosis of a problem child, I'm proud and well-devoted - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Better yet, I wanna break up, don't you ask me 'Bout no motherfucking double standard, acting Fucking on another nigga, that's a negative alone But you sucked his dick? That's just nasty Matter fact, bitch, gimme your phone! (No!) You fucking with Wayne's!? (No!) - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin' him - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
It's only replaced by a rubber substitute - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Flex on swole like, "A-ha!" - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Oh God, bless the dead (Yup) I'm livin' life, high off life I wear my chokes off to bed - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar] - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
And by my faith in "all good—, all good things come to those that stay true" - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
You feel some type of way, then a-ha! - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
I Milly Rock when I get that advance - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Tossin' footballs with his ashy, black ankles Breakin' new laws, mama passed on home trainin' - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar] - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, lookin' down, it's quite a drop (It's quite a drop, drop, drop) Lookin' good when you're on top (We’re on top together) - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
I'll prolly die from one of these bats and blue badges Body-slammed on black and white paint, my bones snappin' - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Do you believe that Eve had Adam in check - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Get you, get you, get you, get you I'ma go hit the throttle with you - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
They sing the same old song About how they walls always the cleanest I beg to differ, I must've missed them - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Somebody pop all day, hol' up Somebody on they way, hol' up I wore the crown all day, hol' up Somebody can't relate, hol' up Stay down with no fakin', go up Top-down, I've been racin', go up She wild and been dangerous, go up My crown in rotation, yeah - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Drug houses (Where?), lookin' like Peru (Whoa, whoa, whoa) - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Hold on to each other Hold on to each other This is what the world sounds like - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
we pulled up on a bunch of workin' girls And asked them what they workin' with Look at me, I got the blunt in my mouth Usually I'm drug-free, but, shit, I'm with the homies - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
I remember you was conflicted Misusing your influence Sometimes I did the same Abusing my power, full of resentment Resentment that turned into a deep depression Found myself screaming in a hotel room - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
You hate me, don't you? You hate my people, your plan is to terminate my culture - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
[Post-Chorus: Kendrick Lamar & Anna Wise] - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Tables turned, lesson learned, my best look You jumped sides on me, now you 'bout to meet Westbrook Go celebrate witcha team and let victory vouch you Just know, the next game played I might slap the shit out you Technical foul, I'm flagrant, I'm foul They throwin' me out, you throw in the towel - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan? When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan? Won't you look to your left and right? Make sure you ask your friends When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan? - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
I hold on like leaves in fall to what is left - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Who gives a fuck? We never do listen 'Less it comes with an 808 (A melody and some hoes) - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
I did a lot of dumb shit in my past Lord forgive me, hoping I don't relapse - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
A couple drive-bys in the hood lately, yeah - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
Death threats, ego must die, but I let it purge - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Color of your skin? Color of your eyes That's the real blues, baby, like you met Jay's baby, uh You blew me away, you think more beauty in blue, green and grey - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
And that's right now while you a teenager, while you still strong While you still wanna lift weights, while you still wanna shoot back - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
this dick ain't free - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
All I see is strobe lights, blindin' me in my hindsight - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Here in this dimension You and I are meant to be - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
**** - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
we pulled up on a bunch of workin' girls And asked them what they workin' with Look at me, I got the blunt in my mouth Usually I'm drug-free, but, shit, I'm with the homies - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
Fuck-up indawo (whoa), come tear this shit down - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Drop it, cop it, eyes locked on your inner object - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
She just wanna close her eyes and sway With you, with you, with you (Ah, come on) Exercise her right to work it out It's true, it's true, it's true Shout out to the birthday girls Say hey (Hey), say hey (Hey, ah, girl) Everyone deserves a night to play (Play) She plays, only when you tell her no - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
All my life, I want money and power Respect my mind or die from lead shower - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Feel like I'ma learn you a lesson Feel like only me and the music though I feel like your feelin' ain't mutual - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
All these pointers on me, baby, you know it's game time - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Searchin' for resolutions until somebody get back - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm Christ with a shooter - Rich Spirit by Kendrick Lamar
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar] - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
OG one, told me one, show me one, eight ways How to segue - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love (Uh) So take a look what you've done (Uh) ‘Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood (Uh), hey! (Hey!) - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ayy, this shit way too crazy, ayy, you do not amaze me, ayy I blew cool from AC, ayy, Obama just paged me, ayy I don't fabricate it, ayy, most of y'all be fakin', ayy I stay modest 'bout it, ayy, she elaborate it, ayy - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
And that shot my pride, I tried to improv But no freestyle I never do - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
for what a fuck nigga gotta say Nigga, you never be Jay, never be Nas, - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
OG one, told me one, show me one, eight ways How to segue - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
Girl, I can buy your ass the world with my paystub - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
Let me put the head in Ooh, I don't want more than that; girl, I respect the cat I promise, just a touch Let me put the head in If it's okay; she said, "It's okay" - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Kendrick, when you get this message, man, call me back (Keep losin' my goddamn dominoes, we gon' have to go in the backyard) I need to know when you gon' bring back my damn car (And squab, homie) This man fussin' 'bout some damn dominoes It ain't all that serious, fuck, damn dominoes Shit, I'ma miss my damn appointment, fuck Fuck some damn dominoes, nobody wanna hear that Nobody wanna hear your ass Matter fact, cut my motherfuckin' oldies back on - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Ah, yeah, huh, yeah, get up with me Fuck sneak dissin', first-person shooter, I hope they came with three switches - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
50K to cousins, post a caption - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
I was in heat like a cactus My tactics of bein' thirsty probably could hurt me But fuck it, I got some heart Grabbed my mama keys, hopped in the car, then, oh boy - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
(Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up; I got stamina) - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I picked you up when you Fell and cut your knee Told you not to cry and held you Close to me - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the bigger I shoot - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Is it wickedness? Is it weakness? You decide Are we gonna live or die? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
It seems that all the autumn leaves are fallin' - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
My best days, oh, I stress days (Lord, forgive me for all my sins, for I not know—) My best days, oh, I stress days, oh - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Don’t judge! Don't judge me! Now my home got a Valley peak - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Then he said that he was the same age as Myself, and it didn't help 'cause it made me even more rude and impatient - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
A dollar might just fuck your main bitch That's just how I feel, nah A dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with That's just how I feel, nah, nah A dollar might just make that lane switch That's just how I feel, nah A dollar might turn to a million and we all rich That's just how I feel - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
The reason why the highlight was when he said You belong to the people when you outside - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I woke up thinkin' 'bout bands (Bands) Hop off a jet to a check when I land (Yuh) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
A fatal attraction is common, and what we have common is pain - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
I know my Houston partners, drop a four on this And focus, and slow it down - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Look, look… hol' up! - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons" Which is funny now cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
All my hoes do shrooms, nigga, all my hoes do coke - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
How can I tell you I'm making a killin'? You made me a killer, emancipation of a real nigga - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Your defense mechanism is my decision Knock these walls down, that's my religion - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
And I'm gon' shine like I’m supposed to, antisocial extrovert - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
Living in a premature place, wait - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar & Anna Wise, Kendrick Lamar] - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
I do what I wanna do I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I Look in the mirror and know I'm there With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
Because it's all in your eyes, most of y'all tell lies Most of y'all don't fade, most of y'all been advised - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
I'll still risk it all for a stranger - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
And her body got that ass that a ruler couldn't measure - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
I do what I wanna do I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I Look in the mirror and know I'm there With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
'Cause 2012 might not be a fuckin' legend - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Young East African girl, you too busy fuckin' with your other man I was tryna put you on game, put you on a plane Take you and your mama to the motherland, I could do it - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
"What you tryna get into?" - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
I remember lookin' in the mirror knowin' I was gifted - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
So I'ma say somethin' that's vital and critical for survival Of mankind, a feline color should never rival Beauty is what you make it, I used to be so mistaken By different shades of faces - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
Then you better take it back to The Shelter and Hamburger Helper - Greatest by Eminem
Ooh, I know you love it when this beat is on - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
I wanna rock, I wanna rock I wanna cop more land, I never stop I wanna quick advance on a bill if it ain't one Break everything, I'm a hustler, came from - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I feel like this gotta be the feelin' where 'Pac was The feelin' of an apocalypse happenin' But nothin' is awkward, the feelin' won't prosper - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Guess I'm gettin' my g-goddang Jigga on, eh? 'Cause your name, I'm beyond sayin' (Ha) - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Tryna rain, tryna rain on the thunder Tell the storm I'm new - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Last time I ain't give a fuck, I still feel the same now My feelings might go numb, you're dealin’ with cold thumb - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
I can admit that it did look like yours - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
I can see the evil, I can tell it, I know it's illegal - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
Light don't mean you smart, bein' dark don't make you stupid And frame of mind for them bustas, ain't talkin' "Woo-hah!" - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
Number two DM'ing my bitch - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
Or try to celebrate February like it's my B-Day - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
You embarrassed of 'em, that's not right, that ain't how mama raised us - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
The better part, the human heart, you love ’em or dissect 'em - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Here goes that broken record cliché It's all my fault anyway, she's turnin' the tables, I'm a beat-break - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Mass hallucination, baby Ill education, baby Want to reconnect with your elations? This is your station, baby - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Greatest in the world (Yeah!) Greatest in the world (Yeah!) Greatest in the world (Yeah!) No lie, I might be The best to ever do it (Yeah!) The best to ever do it (Yeah!) The best to ever do it (Yeah!) I feel like the greatest (Yeah!) Woke up to honkies sounding like me Never be as good (Yeah!) Never be as good (Yeah!) (Packing up) Wife-beaters, white t-shirts, what? But I'm the greatest - Greatest by Eminem
[Instrumental Break] - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm never livin' life confined It's a failure even if I'm blind - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Mass destruction and mass corruption, the souls of sufferin' men Clutchin' on deaf ears again, rapture's comin' It's all prophecy and if I gotta be Sacrificed for the greater good, then that's what it gotta be - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, somebody's lyin', I can see the vibes on Ak' Even he lookin' compromised, let's peel the layers back - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
I know murder, conviction Burners, boosters, burglars, ballers, dead, redemption Scholars, fathers dead with kids and I wish I was fed forgiveness Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, soldier’s DNA (I’m a soldier's DNA) Born inside the beast, my expertise checked out in second grade - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
My teething ring was numbed by that nonsense - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
This how you capitalize, this is parental advised, and apparently, I'm over-influenced By what you are doin' - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Life ain't shit but a fat vagina - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
make it they promise to fuck with you No condom, they fuck with you, - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
I'm crazy out my mind, I put my life on the line - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
This that I got, I got, I got, I got— Realness, I just kill shit ’cause it's in my DNA - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
Twinnie twin twins, yeah, yeah - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And once upon a time, in a city so divine Called West Side Compton, there stood a little nigga He was five-foot something, dazed and confused - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
So the iceberg never broke And I poked at it, and I poked at it, and I poked at it, and I poked (And I poked) And I poked at it, - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
These walls wanna cry tears These walls happier when I'm here These walls never could hold up - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Three degrees low, make it hot for me, drop that - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!) And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!) And I run it (Y-Yeah! Blow!) And I run it (Yeah! Blow!) That's ironic - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
All these pointers on me, baby, you know it's game time - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
The parade music we made had us all wearin' shades now, cool - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Ooh We don't wanna hear you say "nigga" no more We don't wanna hear you say "nigga" no more Stop - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
(This what God feel like) Huh, he-yeah (This what God feel like) - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Twenty million walkin' out the court buildin', woo-woo! - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
Bobby Seale makin' meals, you can't resist his HiiiPoWeR - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the bigger I shoot - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
My bitch too foreign, need a visa (Ooh) I don't need her (Huh?) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Porcelain pipes pressure, bust 'em twice - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Young boy, let his gun bang, let his nuts hang Transition to a Lamborghini from a Mustang - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
"Okay, Audrey, that's as much as you can do," I can actually let it... - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I’m a maniac when aiming at the enemy that lied - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
He brushed 'em off and walked back to the Kentucky Fried Chicken See, at this chicken spot, there was a light-skinned nigga that talked a lot With a curly top and a gap in his teeth, he worked the window His name was Ducky - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
New freezer (Ice) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Pockets wasn't straight, bitch - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
A fatal attraction is common, and what we have common is pain - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Game of love, love, love, love La-La-La-La-La love - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I feel like it's just me Look, I feel like I can't breathe Look, I feel like I can't sleep - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Piss out your per diem, you just gotta hate 'em, funk - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
I got so many theories and suspicions - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Maybe one day, when you figure out you're gonna need someone - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Grown-up candy for pain, can we live in a sane - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
You're not a gang member, you's a tourist (A tourist) - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
I make the call and get the Coast involved, then history repeats - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
You did it, I'm proud of you You broke a generational curse Say "Thank you, dad" Thank you, daddy, thank you, mommy, thank you, brother Mr. Morale - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
If I take another one down, I'ma drown in some poison, abusin' my limit - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Than the model covered in L'Oréal and mace Who fell from grace eleven stories for storytellin' While the whore was yellin', "Rape!" - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
This is not a rap on how I'm slingin' crack or move cocaine This is cul-de-sac and plenty Cognac and major pain Not the drill sergeant, but the stress that weighin' on your brain - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
I can't take it back, look where I'm at (Uh) We was OG like D.O.C., remember that? (Remember that?) - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Eight blocks left, death is around the corner - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Me and my bitch, took a little trip Down to the garden, took a little dip (Oh no) Apple juice falling from her lips, took a little sip - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
See, in a perfect world, I'll choose faith over riches I'll choose work over bitches, I'll make schools out of prison I'll take all the religions and put 'em all in one service Just to tell 'em we ain't shit, but He's been perfect, world - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Say, say, say - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Living out his backpack every night Needed a new place to sleep - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Them demons got me, I ain't prayed in some weeks, uh - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
[Intro] Dick hard like rottweiler Can you handle it? Can you handle it? Woo woo, woo woo - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
I'm diagnosed with real nigga conditions - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
[Bridge: Larry Graham] I just keep on lovin' you, baby And there's no one else I know can take your pla—, pla—, pla— - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I said I do this for my culture To let y'all know what a nigga look like in a bulletproof Rover - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
Consciousness is synchronized and crystal-clear - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
Man, I gotta go up to the county buildin', man, these kids ready to eat I'm ready to eat, shit I gotta get them food stamps, come on now You on your way or what? - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
Instead of boy with a chopper that hold the cul-de-sac hostage - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
Kendrick Lamar & 2Pac - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Reminisce when I had the morning appetite - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Critics are really the enemy and I Can't stand the way they slam today's gifted - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
"And I hope that bitch that set him up, out there We gon' pop that bitch too" - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
and your dog has to say woof - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
You ain't even know it, nigga, I be everywhere you ain’t even going - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
But mama, don't cry for me, ride for me Try for me, live for me Breathe for me, sing for me Honestly guidin' me I could be more than I gotta be - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
To a baby boy to be just like you, I wonder what's that worth I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar] - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
No, I don't 'member you, I don't intend to Empty my memory bank It's a million dollars in it, baby, Hilary Swank - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Yo, what's up? It's Dre Remember the first time you came out to the house? You said you wanted a spot like mine But remember, anybody can get it The hard part is keepin' it, motherfucker - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
I got dark, I got evil that rot inside my DNA I got off, I got troublesome heart inside my DNA - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop So you can call it a nostril 'cause it's not gonna ever - Greatest by Eminem
Let's speak on percentage, show me your splits, I'll make sure I double back with ya - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Why would I call around tryna get dirt on niggas? Y'all think all my life is rap? - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
I hurt your feelings? You don't wanna work with me no more? Okay - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
No more parties in L.A. Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh No more parties in L.A. Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh No more (Los Angeles) - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Motherfuckers talkin' crazy (Yeah) Sayin’ I should quit (Ah) I fuckin' tell 'em "make me" (Bitch) Eat a fuckin’ dick (Yeah) I'm feelin' like the greatest (Woo!) On the beat who ever did it - Greatest by Eminem
Pull up drop top with a eater (Yeah) Two seater (Skrrt, skrrt) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Psst, I see dead people - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
Need cash, gotta get you some If a hater tell you money ain't everything He don't want you to get none So we thuggin' like DMX - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
I'm in the streets sometimes and can't afford it - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
My auntie became a man and I took pride in it She wasn't gay, she ate pussy, and that was the difference That's what I told my friends in second grade She picking me up from school, they stare at her in the face They couldn't comprehend what I grew accustomed - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Wait, are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? I live on ten Wait, but are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Hol' up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
but how quickly they forget Who the fuck I was; now Ninja try to duck my slugs You let ya girl get fucked by Muggs I'd like to give a shout to Cypress (Woo!) This can't be real, you dissed me and I was just tryin' to Give you a shout—now get the fuck out my rhyme book - Greatest by Eminem
he came from the streets, The Robert Taylor Homes Southside Projects, Chiraq, the Terror Dome Drove to California with a woman on him and five-hundred dollars - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
But you confirmed my low-end theory though (Ah!) - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Akcuf’hum siht nrub uoy t'now ,erom on si htraE Reffus attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW Teef ym ta 'nitser uoy ta nworht enots yrevE Deelb attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW Elggurts fo lluf snedrub yrrac traeh ym ni niaP Reffus attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW Teef ym ta 'nitser uoy ta nworht enots yrevE - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
[Intro] - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
I get way too petty once you let me do the extras Pull up on your block, then break it down, we playin' Tetris A.m. to the p.m., p.m. to the a.m., funk - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
The Elohim, the rebirth - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
Hereditary, oh, all of my cousins, oh Dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar & Anna Wise, Kendrick Lamar] - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
You are now watching MADtv - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Trifecta, money, morals, and culture, that's my leisure - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin' - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Band-Aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show If you live like that, you live with ghosts You forgive, you forget, but you never let it go Band-Aids don't fix bullet holes (Yeah) You say sorry just for show (Uh-huh) If you live like that, you live with ghosts, mm (Uh, uh) If you love like that, blood runs cold - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Come to me, come, come to me Look at what you've done to me - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Stop tap-dancing around the conversation - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The better part, the human heart, you love ’em or dissect 'em - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Drop it, cop it, eyes locked on your inner object - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Just call the shit HiiiPoWeR Nigga, nothing less than HiiiPoWeR - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Visions of Martin Luther staring at me - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Mike WiLL the one who made it It's Shady on the lyrics - Greatest by Eminem
I could still kill me a nigga, so what? - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care In another life, I surely was there Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care I care, I care - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
IRS, they was on a nigga Cashed them out, now I'm scot-free - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Barely even conscious,  - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
I kill niggas, audio crack, - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it Po-Pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
I hope I'm not too late To set my demons straight I know I made you wait But how much can you take? I hope you see the God in me I hope you can see And if it's up, stay down for me Yeah - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
('Cause before you know it, everything's gone) - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
Thgifnug a ni eid dna rehtaf a tuohtiw pu werg I elihW Efil 'nivres eb dluoc gwaD poT ,ykcuD dellik ynohtnA fi esuaceB Ecnedicnioc morf eb dluow reppar tsetaerg eht thguoht reveohW? Tnedicni nekcihc taht tuoba meht 'nidnimer trats uoy nehT Stifeneb rieht 'nipaer yeht erehw soiduts gnidrocer edisnI Niaga teem me' ekam uoy ,sregnarts emas meht ,retal sraey ytnewT Ti htiw evil dna seciohc nwo rieht ekam nac yeht os luos a me' eviG Stnemaciderp modnar ni me' tup dna sregnarts owt ekat uoY Yhw uoy llet ll'I dna ,amrak doog dna tsefinam eht esreveR Emit a ta esruc eno ,sevil yeht fo htob degnahc noisiced eno tahT Noitnetta yaP— Erac tuB —Tpecnoc etalucammi ,siht ekil eno ecnis retrauq eniacoC AND ym edisni ytlayor tog ,ytlayoL —Tog I ,tog I ,tog I ,tog I So, I was takin' a walk the other day… - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
My fans can't wait for me to son ya punk-ass And crush ya whole lil' shit I'll Big Pun ya punk-ass, you a scared lil' bitch - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
Hello to the big stepper, never losin' count - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Then he said that he was the same age as Myself, and it didn't help 'cause it made me even more rude and impatient - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
"You know why we crack babies? Because we born in the '80s The ADHD crazy" - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Akcuf’hum siht nrub uoy t'now ,erom on si htraE Reffus attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW Teef ym ta 'nitser uoy ta nworht enots yrevE Deelb attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW Elggurts fo lluf snedrub yrrac traeh ym ni niaP Reffus attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW Teef ym ta 'nitser uoy ta nworht enots yrevE - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Love won't get you high as this Drugs won't get you high as this Fame won't get you high as this Chains won't get you high as this Juice won't get you high as this Crew won't get you high as this Hate won't get you high as this - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
I even hate when you say the word "nigga," but that's just me, I guess Some shit just cringeworthy, it ain't even gotta be deep, I guess - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
[Produced by Sounwave; Additional production by Terrace Martin] - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
Don't give up, I won't give up Don't give up, no, no, no Don't give up, I won't give up Don't give up, no, no, no - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Now I don't let you down, down for You see, you see, you see, you see (Right) But I don't shake you down, dog for you, you, you, you, uh They say the government ain't the truth, truth, (Mhm) truth, truth And the politicians always mislead the youth, youth, youth, youth - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
What's your perspective on that? Pac? Pac? Pac? - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
[Intro: Mr. Talkbox] - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
Keep playing ball, cuz It's the only way up out it, bruh, - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Fell on my face and awoke with a scar, another mistake livin' deep in my heart - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Oh Lord, gotta be the yams - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
I suffer a lot And every day that glass mirror get tougher to watch I tie my stomach in knots - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Assassin] - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
My cousin called, my cousin Carl Duckworth Said know my worth And Deuteronomy say that we all been cursed - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Life won't get you high like this here, no He won't get you high like this here, no She won't get you high like this here, no - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
Fear, what happens on Earth stays on Earth And I can't take these feelings with me, so hopefully, they disperse - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Jump in that— (Hah, hah), summon that bitch Jump in that— (Hah, hah), jump in that fire (Hah), jump in that bitch - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
My auntie is a man now I watch him and his girl hold their hands down Tip of the avenues under street lights made his Thinking, "I want me a bad bitch when I get big" - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
(I want you more than you know) - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
And once upon a time, in a city so divine Called West Side Compton, there stood a little nigga He was five-foot something, dazed and confused - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
You killin' my motherfuckin' vibe - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
[Post-Chorus: Kendrick Lamar & Anna Wise] - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
There's no place quite like here There's no better time than now That's why I stay ready - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga, I'ma make it look sexy If I gotta go hard on a bitch, I'ma make it look sexy I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy They won't take me out my element Nah, take me out my element - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
If I didn’t ride blade on curb, would you still love me? If I minimized my net worth, would you still love me? - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
I know He walks the Earth But it's money to get, bitches to hit, yah Zeroes to flip, temptation is, yah First on my list, I can't resist, yah Everyone together now, know that we forever— - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Used to be my fiancé 'Til you sucked on Wayne, André, and Kanye LeBron, Akon, JAY, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e Polow da Don, Dre, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwamé?! - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'm tryna keep it alive and not compromise the feelin' we love You're tryna keep it deprived and only cosign what radio does And I'm lookin' right past ya - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Keep it a whole one hund', don't got you, I got nothin' (Uh, uh) - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
I been stomped out in front of my mama - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Then Whit' told me, "A woman is woman, love the creation" It all came from God, then you was my confirmation I came to where you reside And looked around to see more sights for sore eyes - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
You know what? Fuck you, bitch (Fuck you, nigga) Fuck you, bitch (Nah, fuck you, nigga) No, fuck you, bitch (Nah, fuck you, nigga) Fuck you, bitch (Fuck you, I'm sick of this nigga) Fuck you (Fuck you), fuck you (Fuck you), fuck you Fuck you, bi— (Fuck you) Fuck you, bitch, stupid-ass bitch - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Have you ever paid five hundred thou' like to an open case? - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
(Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up; I got stamina) - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Let me put the head in Ooh, I don't want more than that; girl, I respect the cat I promise, just a touch Let me put the head in If it's okay; she said, "It's okay" - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Been feelin' this way since I was sixteen, came to my senses You never liked us anyway, fuck your friendship, I meant it I'm African-American, I'm African, I'm black as the moon Heritage of a small village - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Back pedaler, what they say? You do the cha-cha I'ma stand on it, 6'5" from 5'5" Fun fact, I ain't taking shit back - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
Right or wrong, no stone, just love to send me - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
(To you) - u by Kendrick Lamar
My auntie is a man now I think I'm old enough to understand now - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
From strip clubs to stadiums I took my shot and made it in - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo DVD's, plasma-screen TV's in the trunk - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
Her favorite cousin Demetrius is irrepetible Family history of gangbangin' did make me skeptical - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Miss me with that bullshit (Bullshit) You ain't really wild, you a tourist (A tourist) - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Pots with cocaine residue, every day, I'm hustlin' - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Better yet, where your friends and 'em? I really wanna know you all - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
I'm Marilyn Manson, - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Hol' up, that pussy petty - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
You the reason bitches start fuckin' with bitches when they change You the reason bitches start callin' y'all bitches 'cause y'all useless - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
I hold on like leaves in fall to what is left - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ain't nobody prayin' for me Ain't nobody prayin' for me Ain't nobody prayin' for me Ain't nobody prayin' - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Wall tellin' you that commissary is low Race wars happenin', no callin' CO No callin' your mother to save you Homies to say you're irrepetible, not acceptable - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Sun beamin' on his beady beads, exhausted - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
A'ight, so let me ask you this, then Do you see yourself as somebody that's rich Or somebody that made the best of they own opportunities? - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
I knew you was conflicted - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Smoking, lokin', drinking that potion, you can see me swerving - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
The price of having a spot in Heaven, embrace your loss—I am God" - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
All my enemy bite on dust Ain't no talkin' when it's fatal - Mask Off (Remix) by Future (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Post-Chorus] - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
"Okay, Audrey, that's as much as you can do," I can actually let it... - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ho, JAY-Z Hall of Fame, sit yo' punk-ass down! (Sit yo punk-ass down) - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
when off the Goose - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
This orphanage we call a ghetto is quite a routine - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Nigga, my tooth is like ten a piece - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, yeah Tell me, when thugs cry, do you hear 'em, Lord? (Ooh-ooh) Do you hear 'em, Lord? Do you hear 'em? - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Niggas thought they wasn't gonna see me, huh? Niggas thought that K-Dot real life Was the same life they see on TV, huh? Niggas wanna flex on me and be in L.A. for free, huh? Next time they hit the 10 freeway, we need a receipt, huh? - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Porcelain pipes pressure, bust 'em twice - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
How much a dollar really cost? The question is detrimental, paralyzin' my thoughts - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
I feel like you're the only reason for it - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
"Ribbon In The Sky" on the radio 'cause Stevie know I control - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Thinking of some bullshit to tell him Like "It'll be okay, you'll be straight, it'll be aight" Well, fuck that shit - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Bar for me when I rap isn't fair but Guess that's the standard I'm held to But if somethin' like that doesn't tell ya You set a mark too high when platinum sales are looked at as a failure (Yeah) - Greatest by Eminem
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar] - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Bet I put some new tires on a lightning bolt - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Daddy issues, hid my emotions, never expressed myself Men should never show feelings, being sensitive never helped - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
That mean I'm calling on God for purity I went and got me a therapist - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Zhivago, tried to fight the urge Like Ivan Drago, "If he dies, he dies" Like Doughboy to Tre, if he rides, he rides Throwin' punches in his room, if he cries, he cries - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Get low, alright Get low, alright What up? Alright, alright - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
We pull off bumpin' Quik like it was nothing My auntie is a man now, what a relationship - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Cartoons and (Cereal!) I ain't felt this (Good since!) Scrooge McDuck (Here we go!), elementary hood shit - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
I'm in the matter of man, arm wrestlin' hands I was dealt When I said the music business was all I needed - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'm famous, I blame this on you, cash in the mirror - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
With poetic justice, poetic justice - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
In the land where hurt people hurt more people Fuck callin' it culture - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar] - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Me no conversate with the fake—(Hahaha)—that part All my bitches independent bitches—that part I just want the paper—that part All my bitches flavored That part, that part, that part, that part, ayy - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
[Chorus: Zacari & Kendrick Lamar] - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
It's 2:30 and the sun is beamin' Air conditioner broke and I hear my stomach screamin' - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
Mike WiLL the one who made it It's Shady on the lyrics - Greatest by Eminem
If he walk around with that stick, it ain't André 3K Think I won't drop the location? I still got PTSD - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Twenty-carat ring, I put my fingers down her throat (Uh, uh, uh) If I lose a carat, she might choke (Uh, uh, uh) - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Real nigga need no therapy, fuck you talkin' about? - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
I know I'm good at, oh Dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh, dyin' of thirst, oh - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
(Icky-icky, icky-icky) - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I feel like you're the only reason for it - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I kill 'em all when they try to kill my vibe (Doot! Doot!) I am the bad, the good god, the last the hood got The last that would try to pass a good job - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
If you wanna fall through, get Top on the phone He don't pick up then it ain't bool Let you know it ain't good to stop - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
[Intro] - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
I come from a generation of home invasions and I got daddy issues, that's on me - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
But your reality can't hide behind Wi-Fi Your lil' memes is losin' steam, they figured you out - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
The head still good, though; the head still good, though Make me say "Nam Myoho Renge Kyo" Make a nigga say big words and act lyrical Make me get spiritual, make me believe in miracles Buddhist monks and Cap'n Crunch cereal - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And they probably relatives relevant for a rebel's dream - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Bilal - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Judgement to the monarchy, blessings to Paul McCartney You called me a black Beatle, I'm either that or a Marley - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
bitch, that be K. Dot - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Got your girl on my line, world on my line The irony, I fuck 'em at the same damn time - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
Pull up drop top with a eater (Skrrt) Two seater (Skrrt) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Hell, you know my repertoire is like a wrestler I show you the ropes, - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
So many bombs, make Farrakhan think that Saddam in this bitch - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
What is a woman that really hurt? A demon, you're better off killing her - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
[Produced by Tae Beast, Sounwave & Thundercat] - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
So she raised that nigga kids but she swallowing mine - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I fucked Sherane and went to tell my bros (Tell my bros, tell my bros) Then Usher Raymond, "Let It Burn" came on ("Let Burn" came on, "Let Burn" came on) - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
It'll be grand as ten Grammies on my granite Still standin' with a note (With a note) That read, ''Granted, don't you panic'' - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Yeah, your nails did, your hair did - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
I never wanna hear you chase a man 'cause it's feral behavior Sittin' in the club with sugar daddies for validation You need to know that love is eternity and trumps all pain - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
Hey, I'ma keep running 'Cause a winner don't quit on themselves - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
(Icky-icky, icky-icky) - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The reason why the highlight was when he said You belong to the people when you outside - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Hey, baby, you forgot your Ray Bans And my sheets still orange from your spray-tan - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And if you ain't my nigga, then your girl single to me I don't give a damn if a nigga said he knew me - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
(Smokin' weed with you 'Cause you've taught me to Smokin' weed with you 'Cause you've taught me to) - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
K Dizzle will do it for you, my niggas think I'm a god Truthfully all of 'em spoiled, usually, you're never charged But somethin' came over you once I took you to them fuckin' BET Awards - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Life, can be like, a box of chocolate - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!) - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
I know my Houston partners, drop a four on this And focus, and slow it down - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Game of love, love, love, love La-La-La-La-La love - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Or Fader, fuck your magazine hater When I say that I'm the greatest I ain't talking about later - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Hope it ain't, "Here we go, yo!" ‘Cause my head already goes to worst-case Scenario, though in the first place (Ah, fuck) - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
(Yeah) - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
The feelin' is toxic, I feel like I'm boxin' demons Monsters, false prophets schemin' Sponsors, industry promises - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
I come from a generation of pain, where murder is minor - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
Trackin' device on your used 5 Series I don't call back, just blame it on your Canadian - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
Tell me who's gon' save me from myself When this life is all I know - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Platinum on everythin', platinum on weddin' ring - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
[Verse 3: Gunplay] - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Say if you a bad bitch, put your hands up high Hands up high, hands up high Tell 'em dim the lights down right now, put me in the mood I'm talkin' 'bout dark room, perfume Go, go - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
liquors spillin', pistols poppin' - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
"What you tryna get into?" - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Pipe down, on the curb, when you heard that I got these words To the upper echelon, that's excellent (That's excellent) - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
The murderous capital, - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
[Outro: Mommy] - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Them demons got me, I ain't prayed in some weeks, uh - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
the Serengeti's clone - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Everything is everything, this ain't coincidental - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home (Everybody get out) - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
I'll make that shirt say R.I.P., - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
But nothing like my hometown, I'll forever live in - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Askin' God, "Where did I lose myself? And can it be forgiven?" Broke me down, she looked me in my eyes, "Is there an addiction?" I said "No," but this time I lied, I knew that I can't fix it Pure soul, even in her pain, know she cared for me Gave me a number, said she recommended some therapy - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
It's more to feed your mind Water, sun and love, the one you love All you need, the air you breathe - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
And if I told your secrets the world'll know money can't stop a suicidal weakness - u by Kendrick Lamar
I say, where you at? From the front to the back I'm lookin' for you, I react only when you react Ah, I thought I found you, back in the ghetto When I was seventeen with the .38 special Maybe you're in a dollar bill, maybe you're not real Maybe only the wealthy get to know how you feel Maybe I'm paranoid, ha, maybe I don't need you anyway Don't lie to me, I'm suicidal anyway - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
What they hear from me would make 'em highlight my simplest lines - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
It's genocism, it's grimy, little justification - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Guess I'm gettin' my g-goddang Jigga on, eh? 'Cause your name, I'm beyond sayin' (Ha) - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my shoes I feel like Pablo when I see me on the news I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my house Tell 'em party's in here, we don't need to go out - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Nah, fuck you, nigga (Fuck you, bitch) Oh, wow, okay You got me fucked up Fuck you, fuck you - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
The mannerisms of Raphael, I can heal or give you art - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, all my grandmas dead So ain't nobody prayin' for me, I'm on your head, ayy - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Look inside of my soul and you can find gold and maybe get rich Look inside of your soul and you can find out it never exist - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
I duck these cold faces, post up fi-fie-fo-fum basis - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Got me breathing with dragons - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
You can see that my city found me, then put me on stages To me, that's amazin' - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
My auntie is a man now I watch him and his girl hold their hands down Tip of the avenues under street lights made his Thinking, "I want me a bad bitch when I get big" - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
You can see that my city found me, then put me on stages To me, that's amazin' - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Forcing me to stand now I said, "Mr. Preacherman, should we love thy neighbor? The laws of the land or the heart, what's greater? I recognize the study she was taught since birth But that don't justify the feelings that my cousin preserved" The building was thinking out loud, bad angel That's when you looked at me and smiled, said, "Thank you" The day I chose humanity over religion - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Sorry, mama, I can't turn the other cheek - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Wait up, lampin' in Jamaica The clouds turnin', my thoughts turnin' - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
Fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuckin' it up - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Uh-uh, fuck that - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
You're back outside, but they still lied - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
You lookin' like an easy come-up, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish) - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Cadillac Seville, he'd ride his son around on weekends Three-piece special with his name on the shirt pocket - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar] Huh (Walk my bare feet), huh (Walk my bare feet) Huh (Down, down valley deep), huh (Down, down valley deep) (I love myself) Huh (Fi-fie-fo-fum), huh (Fi-fie-fo-fum) (I love myself) Huh (My heart undone), one, two, three - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, gimme your phone! (No! Let me, let me take this call real quick—like a lollipop) - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I said I'm trapped inside the ghetto and I ain't proud to admit it Institutionalized, - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
But the industry's cooked as I pick the carcass apart - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
(Icky-icky, icky-icky) - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
"Nigga, turn around, I ain't here to fuck around I ain't here to fuck around, caught you with your pants down - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Know a bitch named Liz - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Bitch, all my grandmas dead So ain't nobody prayin' for me, I'm on your head, ayy - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
It was like a head-on collision that folded me standing still - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Red light, green light, red light, green light Red light, green light, they like  [Verse: Kendrick Lamar] We like fast cars, fast money, fast life, fast broads - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
My visa, passport tatted, I should hub in Ibiza - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
That's what mama said when we was eatin' that free lunch - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
I might be buggin', infomercials and no sleep Introverted by my thoughts; children, listen, it gets deep - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Throw a steak off the ark to a pool full of sharks, he'll take it Leave him in the wilderness with a sworn nemesis, he'll make it (He'll make it) Take the gratitude from him, I bet he'll show you somethin', woah (Woah) - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar] - u by Kendrick Lamar
You admitted it once I submitted it, wrapped in plastic Remember scribblin', scratchin' diligent sentences backwards Visiting freestyle cyphers for your reaction Now, I can live in a stadium, pack it the fastest - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
My pops gave me some game in real person Retraced my steps on what they never taught me Did my homework fast before government caught me - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
I picked you up when you Fell and cut your knee Told you not to cry and held you Close to me - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Is it wickedness? Is it weakness? You decide Are we gonna live or die? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
They was like, "Nope," I was like, "Bùyào, bùyào" - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Picture lil' ole me giving a fuck - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
I fight the world, I fight you, I fight myself - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Bite they tongues in rap lyrics (Too low-key) Scared to be crucified about a song, but they won't admit it (Too low-key) Politically correct is how you keep an opinion (So low-key) Niggas is tight-lipped, fuck who dare to be different - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
Tell me who's gon' save me from myself When this life is all I know - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Black excellence, pessimist, die countin' my coin - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
It seems that all the autumn leaves are fallin' - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Now my dick ain't free - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
[Interlude: JaVonté & Kendrick Lamar] You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
And this is rigor mortis and it's gorgeous when you die - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't nobody gon' tie your shoe Nobody gon' abide by your rule - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Lately, I lust over self (Lust turn into fear) - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm confused who I'll spend my forever with, oh-oh-oh - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'm still in the hood, loc, yeah, that's cool - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
I be thinkin' every day Mulholland Drive need to put up some goddamn barricades I be paranoid every time, the pressure The problem ain't I be drivin', the problem is I be textin' - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Walk out the door and they scream, "It's alive" - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
I really wanna show you off, fuck that - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
When I was nine, on cell, motel, we didn’t have nowhere to stay At twenty-nine, I've done so well, hit cartwheel in my estate - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
I got so many theories and suspicions - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
You put a gun to me Then you brought the sun to me - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
​​ - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
My auntie is a man now I think I'm old enough to understand now - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Pockets wasn't straight, bitch - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Never OG, standout, I was lackin' - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
To all my niggas that's gon' fuck around and die today Take our hats off, bow our heads and let us pray, just wanna say - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom, shit - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Everything sweet ain't sugar-coated - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Man, I swear my nigga trippin' off that shit again Pick him up, then I set him in cold water Then I order someone to bring him Vicodin Hope that take the pain away From the feelin' that he feel today - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
I'm two blocks away, two hundred and fifty feet And six steps from where she stay, she wavin' me 'cross the street I pulled up, a smile on my face, and then I see Two niggas, two black hoodies, I froze as my phone rang - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Nigga, payback's a bitch, and bitch, you been livin' in debt with me - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
look at the coroner, oh Daughter is dead, oh, mother is mournin' her, oh - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
All those women gave me superpowers, what I thought I lacked - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Still rock swap-meet designer clothes, ah! - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
Eight doobies to the face, fuck that Twelve bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that Two pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Take off the gossip, take off the new logic that if I'm rich, I'm rare (Take it off) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Wake up in the morning, thinking 'bout money, kick your feet up Watch you a comedy—hol' up Wake up in the mornin', thinkin' 'bout money, kick your feet up Watch you a comedy, take a shit, then roll some weed up Go hit you a lick, go fuck on a bitch, don't go to work today Cop you a fit or maybe some kicks and make it work today Hang with the homies, stunt on your baby mama Sip some lean, go get a pistol, shoot out the window Bet your favorite team, play you some Madden Go to the club or your mama house Whatever you doing, just make it count - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Shut your fuckin' mouth and get some cash, you bitch, you You be in your feelings, I be in my bag, you bitch, you - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
 poppin' benji tags on your wifey's ass (on your wifey's ass) - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
I'm always ready for a war again (A war again) - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Threes in the air, I can see you are in sync - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Tryna rain, tryna rain on the thunder Tell the storm I'm new - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Uh, dark as the midnight hour or bright as the mornin' sun Give a fuck about your complexion, I know what the Germans done - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
Ducky was well-aware They robbed the manager and shot a customer last year He figured he'd get on these niggas' good sides Free chicken every time Anthony posted in line, two extra biscuits Anthony liked him and then let him slide, they didn't kill him In fact, it look like they're the last to survive - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Man, I got so much shit up on my plate, dog - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Love, let's talk about love (Let's talk about love, is) - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q] - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I could never take the lead, I could never bob and weave - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Salt all in my wounds Hear my tears all in my tunes - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Poetry in the pear trees Sweet tone like a hummingbird when she asked him Did he want to make love in a yellow taxi? Never gave two fucks, jumped in the backseat - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Bird-shufflin', Anthony rang - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Drop - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Uh (Uh) Uh (Uh) Uh, yeah (Uh) It's survival, survival I think somebody lying Smell somebody lying I don't see no fire - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Stole from me, lied to me, nation hypocrisy - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Sounwave caught a Grammy last year - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
I feel like you're the only reason for it - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Thinking of some bullshit to tell him Like "It'll be okay, you'll be straight, it'll be aight" Well, fuck that shit - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ayy, I am the truth Ayy, I am the wisdom of the fallen; I'm the youth - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Need a paradox for the pair of doc's they tutored Like two Todd's, L-L, you lose two times - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
Can I vent all my truth? I got nothin' to lose, I got problems and pools, I can swim on my faith - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
I kill this whole muthafucking beat if J. Cole say it My nigga Ib chopped the instrumental, I gotta slay it - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
we pulled up on a bunch of workin' girls And asked them what they workin' with Look at me, I got the blunt in my mouth Usually I'm drug-free, but, shit, I'm with the homies - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
Now I'm affected, twenty years later trauma has resurfaced - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
"Where you stay?" She said, "Down the street from Dominguez High" - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
That ya ass couldn't cash when the shit bounce - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Yo, what's up? It's Dre Remember the first time you came out to the house? You said you wanted a spot like mine But remember, anybody can get it The hard part is keepin' it, motherfucker - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
50K to cousins, post a caption - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
I know morality, spirituality, good and bad health I know fatality might haunt you - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
I wake in the morning, another appointment I hope the psychologist listenin' - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
We don't drink away the pain when a nigga die We add a link to the chain, inscribe a nigga name in your flesh - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
If I knew y'all made plans, I wouldn't have popped the Xans - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
It take time to get your mind right - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
I want the credit if I'm losin' or I'm winnin' On my mama, that's the realest shit - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
[Outro: Junie Morrison] - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo Your homeboy, your block that you're from, boo-boo Lil' hoes you went to school with, boo-boo Baby mama and your new bitch, boo-boo - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Sounwave caught a Grammy last year - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
The Elohim, the rebirth - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
Transformation, you ain't felt grief 'til you felt it sober - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Who gives a fuck? We never do listen 'Less it comes with an 808 (A melody and some hoes) - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
I'ma wade, I'ma wave through your shallow love Tell the deep I'm new - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Let 'em know I'm priority, order me - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
I was absent - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
New Kung Fu Kenny Ain't nobody prayin' for me - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
It's a secret society All we ask is trust (All we ask is trust) All we got is us Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
Homicidal thoughts, Donald Trump's in office We lost Barack and promised to never doubt him again - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
I'm gon' ask you one more time, homie Where is you from? Or it is a problem Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ask him if he over here for Sherane Ayy, you over here for Sherane, homie? I don't care who this nigga over here for If he don't tell me where he from, it's a wrap, I'm sorry Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, we gon' do it like this, okay? I'ma tell you where I'm from, okay? You gon' tell me where you from, okay? Or, or, or where your grandma stay Where your mama stay, or where your daddy stay, okay? Fuck all this talkin' As a matter fact, get out the van, homie Get out the car 'fore I snatch you out that motherfucker, homie - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Bet they agree, parade the streets with your voice proudly Time passing, things change Reverting back to our daily programs, stuck in our ways Lust - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
The history had trickled down and made us ign'ant My favorite cousin said he's returning the favor And following my auntie with the same behavior - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Barefoot babies with no care Teenage gun toters that don't play fair, should I get out the car? I don't see Compton, I see something much worse The land of the landmines, the hell that's on earth - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
You even FaceTimed instead of a hospital visit Guess you thought he'd recover well Third surgery, they couldn't stop the bleeding for real Then he died, God himself will say, "You fuckin' failed," you ain't try - u by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
It's genocism, it's grimy, little justification - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Couple of IV's with the fuckin' spray-can - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
(To you) - u by Kendrick Lamar
Leader of the new school - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
I hope you find some peace of mind in this lifetime (Tell them, tell 'em, tell them the truth) I hope you find some paradise (Tell 'em, tell 'em the truth) (Tell 'em, tell 'em, tell 'em, tell 'em your—) - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Del Amo, watch your motherfucking mouth - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
(Attention, all you niggas) - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it Po-Pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
My cousin might air out the party for fun - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
I'ma riot, I'ma riot through your borders Call me bulletproof - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Good Lord, they knew we weren't from 'round there 'Cause every time we down there We pullin' out the Boost Mobile SIM cards - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I said I'm geeked and I'm fired up (Fired, fire) All I want tonight is just to get high up (Yeah) All I want is, all I want is - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
"Back To Back," I like that record I'ma get back to that, for the record - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
The first person I seen write a rap That's when my life had changed - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Kendall Morgan, Wrekonize & Both] - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
"Housekeeping, housekeeping" - u by Kendrick Lamar
Fuckin' with good people make good people go to bat - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, nigga, we off a pill and Rémy Red Come through and bust ya head, nigga! - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
Made a mil' and I spent it in the same day (Day) - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
I'm so fuckin' first class I could spit up on every pilot - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
But Jeezy still playin' And our attitude is still "nigga, what is you sayin'?" - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
Y'all priorities fucked up, put energy in wrong shit - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
My IV qualify T-Rex - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
Let it breathe, I control, California living 'til I am old - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Fuck your sources, all distortion, if you fuck it's more abortion - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
I remember you was conflicted Misusing your influence, sometimes I did the same Abusing my power full of resentment Resentment that turned into a deep depression Found myself screamin' in the hotel room I didn't wanna self destruct The evils of Lucy was all around me So I went runnin' for answers Until I came home - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Stop tap-dancing around the conversation - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
I got a story to tell, you know that I cherish thee Hope it ain't too many feelings involved - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
It seems that all the autumn leaves are fallin' - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
A suit and tie is suitable and usual in suicide - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Gem Star razor and a dinner plate Arm & Hammer and a Mason jar, that's my dinner date - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
I come from murder one, brung late night melee - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
We're just jammin' out, we on stage Taz, we just jammin' out (Shhh) - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love (Uh) So take a look what you've done (Uh) ‘Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood (Uh), hey! (Hey!) - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Wait, are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? I live on ten Wait, but are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Hol' up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
What side of my city I claim I try to stay in my lane Took my advance and put a Caprice on them thangs I'm Beatties Ford ’til the wheels fall - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Muddy water flow, Dixie rebel past - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Down the boulevard with the pistol grip, yeah - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
You the reason bitches start fuckin' with bitches when they change You the reason bitches start callin' y'all bitches 'cause y'all useless - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Meditating in silence made you wanna tell on me - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss New Orleans and then Miami, party in New York Texas, I be screwed up, Chi-Town, I be really pimpin' - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Slide on you like fallen drapes God toss full of carnivals - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Block a nigga in - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
Solána, middle fingers up, speak your truth - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Travel round the atlas in this spaceship Candy-coated, my day shift's - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
Door and his Nike Air Rattles Rush the fire exit, no time for battles Well I, I never expected - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
(He dead), yup-yup (Amen), I know (He dead), for sure (Amen), amen - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
I feel like Pacino in Godfather, I'm charged - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
I'm diagnosed with real nigga conditions - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'm from Charlotte, you know how these niggas do - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
And we brought the 'Ercs in this bitch, get murked in this bitch - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
'Cross the street from the projects, Anthony planned to rob it Stuck up the place before, back in '84 - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
This feelin' is unmatched This feelin' is brought to you by adrenaline and good rap - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
Well, this is my explanation straight from Ethiopia N-E-G-U-S definition: royalty; king royalty - wait, listen N-E-G-U-S description: black emperor, king, ruler, now let me finish The history books overlooked the word and hide it - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
I just put diamonds on all of my teeth, now they probably think I ain't intelligent - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Blow it, baby, no Saddam - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Tryna become a way bigger Meech - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
You goat-mouth mammyfucker - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
Flex on swole like, "A-ha!" - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
This is a world premiere (This is a world premiere) This is a world premiere (This is a world premiere) This is a world premiere - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
Uh, feelin' like a vigilante or a missionary - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
We hung all summer, sprung mattress with bae bae - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin' - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Everything I say is from an angel - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
so fuck y'all, I goes in, and - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty 10-4, no switchin' sides - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
I got so many theories and suspicions - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
And how she think about you until we meet up at night About the only girl cared about you when you asked her And how she fuckin' on a famous rapper Walls can talk (Talk) - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
World in my palms, ironically I am the Globetrotters' best 'cause I didn't drop the ball - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
The first in the projects with the two-tone Mustang, that 5.0 thing They say 5-0 came - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
I don't let 'em play with me I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way Uh, they better watch what they say to me Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
Only deal with rich niggas—fuck you and Mick Romney! - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
I been through some shit, man But I be on my shit, man - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Man, I got so much shit up on my plate, dog - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Everything I touch is a damn gold mine - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Seen a Christian say the vaccine mark of the beast (Too low-key) Then he caught COVID and prayed to Pfizer for relief (Too low-key) Then I caught COVID and started to question Kyrie (So low-key) Will I stay organic or hurt in this bed for two weeks? (Too low-key) (You really wanna know?) - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
(What I got to do to get to you?) - u by Kendrick Lamar
Because it's spirits, we ain't even really rappin' We just letting our dead homies tell stories for us (Damn) - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
I grieve different I grieve different (Huh) - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
pardon my residence Came from the bottom of mankind My hair is nappy, my dick is big, my nose is round and wide - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Screamin', "Annie, are you okay? Annie, are you okay?" - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
And I pray you niggas is hatin', - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
You wrote a song about my sister on your tape And called it Section.80 The message resembled "Brenda's Got a Baby" - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
"Housekeeping, housekeeping" - u by Kendrick Lamar
Motherfuck the big three, nigga, it's just big me Nigga, bum What? I'm really like that And your best work is a light pack Nigga, Prince outlived Mike Jack' Nigga, bum 'Fore all your dogs gettin' buried That's a K with all these nines, he gon' see Pet Sematary (Yeah) Nigga, bum - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Sippin' bubbly, feelin' lovely, livin' lovely Just love me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Don't judge me! I was young, fuckin' all the brats - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Weed a different color like a hoodrat bra and panties - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
make it they promise to fuck with you No condom, they fuck with you, - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Anythin', see, my name is Uncle Sam, I'm your dog Motherfucker, you can live at the mall I know your kind (That's why I'm kind) Don't have receipts (Oh, man, that's fine) Pay me later, wear those gators Cliché? Then say, "Fuck your haters" - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
A fatal attraction is common, and what we have common is pain - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Piss out your per diem, you just gotta hate 'em, funk - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
When you got the yams—(What's the yams?) - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
Revival didn't go viral! Denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road - Greatest by Eminem
Women, weed and weather They come for women, weed and weather For the women, weed and weather From all around the world for the women, weed and weather Got that women, weed and weather Don't it sound clever? Come and play Wh-what more can I say? W-welcome to LA - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
[Part I: "untitled 07 | levitate"] - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
Drop - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Let me talk my Stu Scott, 'scuse me on my 2Pac Keep your head up when the juice stop, loving thy - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
We outlawed, then I bogart, - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Hello, new world, all the boys and girls I got some true stories to tell - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
My bitch too foreign, need a visa (Ooh) I don't need her (Huh?) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
What up Queens Cole is the King and you know that - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You know when you part of Section.80 You feel like no one can relate 'Cause you are, you are, a loner, loner Marijuana endorphins make you stronger, stronger - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, heroes looking for the villains to help - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
If you do what you always done Then you get what you always got You dumb buffoons! - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
I just cry for no reason I just pray for no reason I just thank for the life, for the day For the hours and another life breathin' - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Because you make me live forever, baby Count it all together, baby Then hit the register and make me feel better, baby Your horoscope is a Gemini, two sides So you better cop everything two times Two coupes, two chains, two C-notes Too much ain't enough, both we know Christmas, tell 'em what's on your wish list Get it all, you deserve it, Kendrick - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
Trinidad Jame$ in four weeks - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
They seen my pigment and thought that was the ign'ance Unfortunately, I am not that type of niglet - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Tell Flex to drop a bomb on this shit - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
Still everybody gotta build for that, me? I make mills off that - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
I'm dressed in all black, this is not for the fan of Elvis I'm aimin' straight for your pelvis - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
Sawed-off, raw dog fashion - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Huh, how many ways am I killing 'em? Shit, right around a billion - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Livin' in captivity raised my cap salary Celery, tellin' me green is all I need Evidently, all I seen was Spam and raw sardines - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
('Cause before you know it, everything's gone) - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
And you're winnin' from everything that your palm write - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Two times center codefendant judging my life - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
Goddamn, I feel amazin', damn, I'm in the Matrix - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, well, you need to talk to somebody Reach out to Eckhart - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
[Verse: Kendrick Lamar] - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
I know - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
Ain't nobody prayin' for me (Ain't nobody prayin' for me) (Ain't nobody prayin' for me) Ain't nobody prayin' for me (Nobody prayin' for me) Ain't nobody prayin' for me Ain't nobody—(Prayin' for me) (Nobody prayin' for me) - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
[Outro: Kendrick Lamar & Whitney Alford] Funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk We want the funk We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk Do you want the funk? We want the funk Do you want the funk? We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
She just wanna close her eyes and sway With you, with you, with you (Ah, come on) Exercise her right to work it out It's true, it's true, it's true Shout out to the birthday girls Say hey (Hey), say hey (Hey, ah, girl) Everyone deserves a night to play (Play) She plays, only when you tell her no - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
(What I got to do to get to you?) (To you) - u by Kendrick Lamar
[Post-Chorus] - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
You admitted it once I submitted it, wrapped in plastic Remember scribblin', scratchin' diligent sentences backwards Visiting freestyle cyphers for your reaction Now, I can live in a stadium, pack it the fastest - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
My pops said I needed a job, I thought I believed him Security guard for a month and ended up leavin' In fact, I got fired 'cause I was inspired by all of my friends To stage a robbery, the third Saturday I clocked in - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
she rollin' Swishers - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
Anything, see my name is Lucy, I'm your dog - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
And I been hustlin' all day, this-a-way, that-a-way Through canals and alleyways, just to say - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
I'm confused who I'll spend my forever with, oh-oh-oh - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I suffocate, then catch my second wind - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Rip - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Critics are really the enemy and I Can't stand the way they slam today's gifted - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself? - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
Put a Blank Face on, nigga, let that drop - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
What's the difference when your heart is made of stone And your mind is made of gold And your tongue is made of sword, but it may weaken your soul? - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
They seen my pigment and thought that was the ign'ance Unfortunately, I am not that type of niglet - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Yeah 7:30 in the night, yeah Ooh, ooh - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Let me tell you, I'm out here From a very far away place All for a chance to be a star Nowhere seems to be too far - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And I go visit the nearest creek, and I get busy on many MC Really ballistic, anybody can see - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Story of a gun-clapper really tryna make a change Everybody ain't blessed, my nigga Yes, my nigga, you're blessed, take advantage, do your best, my nigga - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I feel like you're the only reason for it - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'm a Israelite, don't call me black no mo' That word is only a color, it ain't facts no mo' - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
[Skit] - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
For the feeling I can barely describe, where you reside? Is it in a woman, is it in money or mankind? I been lookin' for you my whole life, an appetite For the feeling I can barely describe, where you reside? Is it in a woman, is it in money, or mankind? - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
Complexion (Two-step) Complexion don't mean a thing (It's a Zulu love) Ooh, complexion (Two-step) It all feels the same (It's a Zulu love) - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
 know myself - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
I'm confused who I'll spend my forever with, oh-oh-oh - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Me, I wasn’t taught to share, but care In another life, I surely was there Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care I care, I care - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Any nigga can kill a man, that don't make you a real nigga. - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
[Skit] - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Lamar stated his views on police brutality With that line in the song, quote "And we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'" Oh, please, ugh, I don't like it - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Bird-shufflin', Anthony rang - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 2] - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
I smell Grandpa's old medicine, reekin' from your skin - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Nigga, don't approach her with that Atari Nigga, that ain't good game, homie, sorry - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
How many niggas get mistaken for clitoris in a day? How many sentiments you make before runnin' pussy away? - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I hope the universe love you today 'Cause the energy we bringin' sure to carry away A flock of positive activists that fill they body with hate If it's necessary; - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
I'm crazy out my mind, I put my life on the line - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
'Fore the shots go up and it's man down Hands down, still popping - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Let me tell you, I'm out here From a very far away place All for a chance to be a star Nowhere seems to be too far - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 2] - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
Then bash him in, you Crippin' or you married to Blood? I'll ask again, oops, accident - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
Hail Mary, Jesus, and Joseph - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
Keep it a whole one hund', don't got you, I got nothin' - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
I'm in the matter of man, arm wrestlin' hands I was dealt When I said the music business was all I needed - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
But the industry's cooked as I pick the carcass apart - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
We talk casually about the industry And how the women be the tastemakers for the shit we makin' - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'm not involved, I'd rather diss 'em I'd rather call on you, put your wall up 'Cause when I come around, demolition gon' crush - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
And Sam, I'll be watchin' over you Make sure my kids watch all my interviews Make sure you live out our dreams we produced Keep that genius in your brain on the move - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
And they won't let me live, even with remorse that I give - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar] - squabble up by Kendrick Lamar
You said I'd feel better if I just worked hard without liftin' my head up That left me fed up - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Might write this for the doctorate, - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
"20 on 6," he didn't hear me Indigenous African only spoke Zulu My American tongue was leery - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Who gon' pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? 'Cause I'm alone, you see If I'm gon' die for you, if I'm gon' kill for you Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
check in an extra bag - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I be at New Ho King eatin' fried rice with a dip sauce and a blammy, crodie - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
It's a red dot, don't get on the wrong red eye It's a headshot, Damien Kane, woo, them guys - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
​m.A.A.d. city - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
Her tits are C cup, her ass an A-plus I got my grades up, I had no backup - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Lil Baby helped you get your lingo up (What?) - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'? Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin' King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah Bitch, where you when I was walkin'? Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin' King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
He said, "Well, nigga, then show me how it all makes sense" Go figure, motherfucker, every verse is a brick Your son dope, nigga - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Hop on the 'Gram, flex on the bitches that be hatin' on you Pop you a pill, call up your bitches, have 'em waitin' on you Go to the club, have you some fun, make that ass bounce It's whatever, just make it count - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't no brownie points for beating your chest, harassin' Ant - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with Just love me, just love me, just love I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with Love me I wanna be with you Love me, just love me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
And not only me, but it goes down my family tree - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
This time I might put you down - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Swiftly, I shift the Bimmer 860 - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
that be that new shit I'm pushin' Raise off of them pockets, - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
You wanted an intimate date, I wanna intimidate - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I did a lot of dumb shit in my past Lord forgive me, hoping I don't relapse - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
Back pedaler, what they say? You do the cha-cha I'ma stand on it, 6'5" from 5'5" Fun fact, I ain't taking shit back - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
Mass hallucination, baby Ill education, baby Want to reconnect with your elations? This is your station, baby - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Let me tell you, I'm out here From a very far away place All for a chance to be a star Nowhere seems to be too far - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
But I could never right my wrongs 'less I write it down for real, PS - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Alls my life, I has to fight, nigga Alls my life, I— - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
In the shadows clingin' to my soul as my only critic - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Me and my bitch, took a little trip Down to the garden, took a little dip (Oh no) Apple juice falling from her lips took a little sip - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Shine like blood diamonds - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And in my notepad, man, I wrote (Man, I wrote) - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I meditate and moderate all of my wins again - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
Feel like I'm headed for the padded cell, the - Greatest by Eminem
K Dizzle will do it for you, my niggas think I'm a god Truthfully all of 'em spoiled, usually, you're never charged But somethin' came over you once I took you to them fuckin' BET Awards - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
And your plans only can pan around love You love him, you love them, you love her You love so much, you love when love hurts - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
I feel like you're the only reason for it - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Bitch, are you happy for me? Really, are you happy for me? You smile in my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah, I'm out the way, are you happy for me? Bitch, are you happy for me? Really, are you happy for me? You smile in my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah, I'm out the way, are you happy for me? (Higher) - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
Since 2009, I had this bitch jumpin' You niggas'll get a wedgie, be flipped over your boxers - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
I'm an artist, and I'm sensitive about my shit, yes, I'm - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
I got ate alive yesterday - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
[Outro: Junie Morrison] - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And matter fact, did I mention that I physically feel great? A doctor's approval is a waste of time, I know I'm straight - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Asked for a piece of mind, you charged me for it - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
You better change what comes out your speaker You better change, ch-ch-change Dee-dee-dee-dah, dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dah-dee-day, ayy (What is it?) - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Oh, back the fuck up off me (Brr, brr, brr) - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
On that "Fuck you, bitch, where the pay pay?" Make 'em pull up on your block with them 223s Aim it at your face, hey - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
If I told you who I am, would you use it against me? - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Watchin' all the snakes, curvin' all the fakes Phone never on, I don't conversate - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
I fight pain and hurricanes, today, I wept I'm tryna fight back tears, flood on my doorsteps Life a livin' hell, puddles of blood in the streets - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
I ride, you ride, bang One chopper, one hundred shots, bang Hop out, do you bang? Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang I ride, you ride, bang One chopper, one hundred shots, bang Hop out, do you bang? Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Keep it a whole one hund', don't got you, I got nothin' (Uh, uh) - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Never had friends, never had ends, never had hope - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop So you can call it a nostril 'cause it's not gonna ever - Greatest by Eminem
I'm the greatest nigga, why you scared to say it? - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
circlin' parking lots and parking spots And hoppin' out while harrassin' the corner blocks Crooked cops told Anthony he should kick it - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
 the next weekend we broke even - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
The poor gonna be so poor, and hungry - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Goin' digital and physical on all y'all, ayy - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Bentleys won't get you high, no, no, no - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
G Malone, big bro, kudos to him - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
As I look around me So many motherfuckers wanna down me But enemigo never drown me - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Really stuck in the schema of wonderin' when I'ma rest - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Niggas goin' to work and sellin' work, late for work Workin' late, prayin' for work, but he on paperwork That's the culture, point the finger, promote ya Remote location, witness protection, they gon' hold ya - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
And casualties all around me, don’t make me do demonstrations Whoa Murder my allegations and burning my finger traces Adjourning my power patience and earning royalty payments - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
This shit is elementary, - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
Serafina, flame in us - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Pull up drop top with a eater (Yeah) Two seater (Skrrt, skrrt) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I been duckin' the pandemic, I been duckin' the social gimmicks I been duckin' the overnight activists, yeah I'm not a trending topic, I'm a prophet - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows stay propellin' Let my words be your Earth and moon, you consume every message As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression And with that— - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
You the reason Harvey Weinstein had to see his conclusion - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Motherfuckers talkin' crazy (Yeah) Sayin’ I should quit (Ah) I fuckin' tell 'em "make me" (Bitch) Eat a fuckin’ dick (Yeah) I'm feelin' like the greatest (Woo!) On the beat who ever did it - Greatest by Eminem
Yeah, we gon' do some things, some things you can't relate Yeah, 'cause we from a place, a place you cannot stay Oh, you can't go, oh, I don't know - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
That banana clip, straight from the rip - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Moonwalkin' on the sun, barefoot, with shades on - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
I feel bad that my daughter gotta live this life I'll die for my daughter, gotta fight this fight - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
That's what he's not gon' do Then we all gon' meet back at the block at about 10:30 That's straight, but we should meet up around 12 I'm tryna fuck on somethin' too Nigga, sit yo dumb-ass back down! Nigga, you ain't doin' shit tonight! Matter of fact, nigga, get in the mothafuckin' car! We finna get active! - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
I smell Grandpa's old medicine, reekin' from your skin - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Her new prima donna I smelt it - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
Ayy, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances Finesse a nigga with some counterfeits, but now I'm countin’ this - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
Wake up in the mornin', thinkin' 'bout money, kick your feet up Watch you a comedy, take a shit, then roll some weed up Go hit you a lick, go fuck on a bitch Don't go to work today, cop you a fit Or maybe some kicks and make you— - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
It's a game to me, where the bedroom at? Sleep, I ain't nevеr had affairs with that - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Told niggas when I was sixteen that I'd write a sixteen To put a nigga right on the big screen In the paddy wagon with six teens - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Early mornin' wake-ups (Ah), practicin' on day-offs (Ah) Tough love (Ah), bottled up, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chase- (Ah) Early mornin' wake-ups (Wake-ups), practicin' on day-offs (Ah, day-offs) Tough love (Ah), bottled up, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
Bad attitude from yo' nanny Curves and your hips from yo' mammy - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
I'll prolly die anonymous, - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
I mean, I write poems in these songs, dedicated to the fun sex - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Why you ain't fuckin' with me? You cut me deep as Caesarean - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I need some water Something came over me Way too hot to simmer down, might as well overheat Too close to comfort - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm a Israelite, don't call me black no mo' That word is only a color, it ain't facts no mo' - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch First, you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Faded, Vegas, might sponsor the killer - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'll prolly die tryna defuse two homies arguin' - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
No back and forth with these rappers They mention me, dissin' me No talkin' back, I won't mention you - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Here goes that broken record cliché It's all my fault anyway, she's turnin' the tables, I'm a beat-break - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Smoke one, palm trees, - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
That's what God for - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
Die in a pitiful vain, tell me a watch and a chain is way more believable Give me a feasible gain, rather a seasonal name, I'll let the people know This is somethin' you can blame on yourself, you can remain stuck in a box - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Throw me off, I be, "Off ya head" - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Hit his turf and get crackin', double back like a deluxe - squabble up by Kendrick Lamar
Heal myself, secrets that I hide, buried in these words - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
New bitch wanna fuck to my AP (AP, ice) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar & Taz Arnold] - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
You the reason, we overlooked, underpaid, under-booked, under shame - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Look myself in the mirror - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Nappy-ass dreads, what's that you say? Watch your mouth, Milli Vanilli, ooh - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
At first, I did love you (Love you) But now I just wanna fuck (I just wanna fuck) Late nights thinkin' of you (Of you) Until I get my nut ('Til I get my nut) Tossed and turned, lesson learned You was my first girlfriend Bridges burned, all across the board (Across the board) Destroyed, but what for? - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
Pimp-pimp (Hooray) Pimp-pimp (Hooray) (Hooray) Pimp-pimp (Hooray) Pimp-pimp - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar] Huh (Walk my bare feet), huh (Walk my bare feet) Huh (Down, down valley deep), huh (Down, down valley deep) (I love myself) Huh (Fi-fie-fo-fum), huh (Fi-fie-fo-fum) (I love myself) Huh (My heart undone), one, two, three - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
One time's crooked and shit - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
Brace yourself: Lust is all yours - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, lil'— hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil'— sit down, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch) Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil'—) Sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil'— sit down, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch) Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up) - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
When I get signed, homie, I'ma act a fool Hit the dance floor, strobe lights in the room Snatch your little secretary bitch for the homies Blue-eyed devil with a fat-ass monkey I'ma buy a brand new Caddy on vogues Trunk the hood up, two times, deuce-four - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
As blood rush my favorite vein Heartbeat racing like a junkie's I just need you to want me Am I asking too much? - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
A black Maybach, 40 pulled up Jeep - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Nigga, December been good to me Not even Kendrick can humble me - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated - u by Kendrick Lamar
Trackin' device on your used 5 Series I don't call back, just blame it on your Canadian - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Be all you can be, true, but the problem is Dream only a dream if work don't follow it - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Drinking Paul Masson with her hat turned backwards Motorola pager, off-white Guess jacket Blue Air Max's, gold chains, and curl kits '93 Nissan wax job, the earliest Big social, big personality, vocal Played the underground verbatim and stayed local - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
​​ - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
taco meat laying on his gold - Nosetalgia by Pusha T (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Critics are really the enemy and I Can't stand the way they slam today's gifted - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Thoughts in my head, they livin' there with no— - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
[Outro: Whitney Alford] - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Okay, let's get it up, it's time for him to prove that he's a problem - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar] - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
I can tell you who, what, when, where How to sell your game right on time Biatch, go play, biatch, go play Biatch, go play, - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Feel like I'm headed for the padded cell, the - Greatest by Eminem
Let somebody touch my mama, touch my sister, touch my woman Touch my daddy, touch my niece, touch my nephew, touch my brother - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
Anna Wise, - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Wondering if God still call you a decent man - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
But I guess one night I had a few Huh, one night I had a few Yeah, this little chick that caught my eye I told her: "Hurry up, meet me at the room!" And no, I didn't have a contraceptive What my common sense neglected - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
Dye your thirst, oh, dye your thirst, oh, dye your thirst, oh - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
I do what I wanna do I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I Look in the mirror and know I'm there With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
Remember Gardena, I took the studio Camry I know Top will be mad at me I had to do it, I want your body, your music - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Bitch, be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, lil'— hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil’— sit down, lil’ bitch) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch) Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil’ bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil'—) Sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil'— sit down, lil’ bitch) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch) Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up) - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
Never grow to see the pearly gates, - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
They say conversation rule a nation, I can tell - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
When I see 'em, put the per diem on the floor Now Kendrick, know they're your co-workers - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
I feel like I'm losin' my focus I feel like I'm losin' my patience I feel like my thoughts in the basement Feel like, I feel like you're miseducated Feel like I don't wanna be bothered I feel like you may be the problem I feel like it ain't no tomorrow, fuck the world - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Die in a pitiful vain, tell me a watch and a chain is way more believable Give me a feasible gain, rather a seasonal name, I'll let the people know This is somethin' you can blame on yourself, you can remain stuck in a box - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I calculate you're not as calculated, I can even predict your angle - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with Just love me, just love me, just love I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with Love me I wanna be with you Love me, just love me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots? - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Feeling so silly, I smoke color purple I'm up in here feeling like Celie, ooh - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Nigga, we gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright We gon' be alright Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright Huh? We gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
Because it's spirits, we ain't even really rappin' We just letting our dead homies tell stories for us (Damn) - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, we gon' do some things, some things you can't relate Yeah, 'cause we from a place, a place you cannot stay Oh, you can't go, oh, I don't know - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Let’s have sex, he said, "Yes", you know he ain’t "no" that - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Her tits are C cup, her ass an A-plus I got my grades up, I had no backup - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
It's real, I'm mad - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar & Anna Wise, Kendrick Lamar] - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
I'm at large, runnin’ plays like a circuit, JT - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
I wanna rock, I wanna rock I wanna cop more land, I never stop I wanna quick advance on a bill if it ain't one Break everything, I'm a hustler, came from - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Pockets wasn't straight, bitch - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
That's why I keep a cross on my chest, either that or a vest - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Early mornin' wake-ups (Ah), practicin' on day-offs (Ah) Tough love (Ah), bottled up, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chase- (Ah) Early mornin' wake-ups (Wake-ups), practicin' on day-offs (Ah, day-offs) Tough love (Ah), bottled up, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
I’m po-o-o-oppin' Change my phone now when I get home now I got o-o-o-options - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
If that money got in the hands of a crash dummy Could jeopardize my family and burden the ones who love me - wacced out murals by Kendrick Lamar
Tell me that you love me, always thinkin' of me Unconditional, I'm hoping I'm your favorite - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
'Less you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date though - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Uh, I want to press my like, yeah, I wanna press my I want a green light, I wanna be like I wanna press my line, yeah I wanna take that ride, yeah I'm gonna press my line I want a green light, I wanna be like, I wanna press my— Mama dearest, spare your feelings - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
That's cool, I don't ask why - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
this dick ain't free - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
I am legend, I feel like all of y'all is peasants I feel like all of y'all is desperate I feel like all it take is a second to feel like Mike Jordan whenever holdin' a real mic I ain't feelin' your presence - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
I remember you was conflicted Misusing your influence, sometimes I did the same Abusing my power full of resentment Resentment that turned into a deep depression Found myself screamin' in the hotel room I didn't wanna self destruct The evils of Lucy was all around me So I went runnin' for answers Until I came home - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Yeehaw, we outside, whoadie 'bout to kill him off - squabble up by Kendrick Lamar
I took the game by storm, just to X men out - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
I don't contemplate, I meditate, then off your fucking head This that put-the-kids-to-bed - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah I'm walkin' with a fifth And I ain't votin', - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
21 gave you false street cred - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
I beat yo’ ass, keep talkin' back I beat yo' ass, who bought you that? You stole it, I beat yo' ass if you say that game is broken I beat yo' ass if you jump on my couch - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Hey, I'ma keep running 'Cause a winner don't quit on themselves - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You told me you was gon' be back in fifteen minutes - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 2] - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
I hope I'm not too late To set my demons straight I know I made you wait But how much can you take? I hope you see the God in me I hope you can see And if it's up, stay down for me Yeah - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
[Chorus: James Fauntleroy] - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
I can debate all my theories and sharing it (Woah) Consolidate all my comparisons Humblin' up because time was imperative (Woah) - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Born warrior, lookin' for euphoria But I don't see it, - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
I'll prolly die anonymous, - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
I got ate alive yesterday - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Thinking of some bullshit to tell him Like "It'll be okay, you'll be straight, it'll be aight" Well, fuck that shit - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
My daddy looked the other way, he saw sin in me - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
From a negative and letting them annihilate me And it's evident I'm moving at a meteor speed - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
I know my Houston partners, drop a four on this And focus, and slow it down - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Turned on my family, I went wherever cameras be Cocaine, no private planes for my insanity Self-indulged, discipline never been my sentiments I needed drugs, to me, an 8-ball was like penicillin Fuck love, my happiness was in that brown sugar Sex and melodies gave me hope when nobody's lookin' - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
A shot of Hennessy didn't make me feel that bad - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
We about to form a little group and you ain't even know it, let's get it - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Tell me what you gon' do to me (Do to me) Confrontation ain't nothin' new to me (New to me) You can bring a bullet, bring a sword, bring a morgue But you can't bring the truth to me (Truth to me) - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
I'm Marilyn Manson, - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
A couple of niggas that bust up the party and fuck up the fun - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
I'ma put you on game for the lames that don't know they a rookie - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Obama say, "What it do?" Obama say, "What it do?" Obama say, "What it do?" - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Let's get it – nights like this, I'm a knight like this Sword in my hand, I fight like this - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Don't second guess yourself - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
Here we go! - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
And the whole world is goin' mad, daddy, it's sad, daddy My only advice? Go and get you a bag, daddy - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
Nail a nigga to the cross, he walk around like Teezo - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
I never wanna hear you chase a man 'cause it's feral behavior Sittin' in the club with sugar daddies for validation You need to know that love is eternity and trumps all pain - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
[Directed by Colin Tilley & The Little Homies] - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
So I was takin' a walk the other day And I seen a woman—a blind woman Pacin' up and down the sidewalk She seemed to be a bit frustrated As if she had dropped somethin' and Havin' a hard time findin' it So after watchin' her struggle for a while I decide to go over and lend a helping hand, you know? "Hello, ma'am, can I be of any assistance? It seems to me that you have lost something I would like to help you find it" She replied, "Oh, yes, you have lost something You've lost… your life" - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Is it wickedness? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Got 2TEEZ with me, I'm snatchin' chains and burnin' tattoos, it's up Lost too many soldiers not to play it safe - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
I been on the craziest wave, if I'm on the stage - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Attention, all you niggas, all you bitches - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Yeah 7:30 in the night, yeah Ooh, ooh - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Instrumental Outro] - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Lamar stated his views on police brutality With that line in the song, quote "And we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'" Oh, please, ugh, I don't like it - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
And my lips are the clips, got the Sig lit like it's nicotine - Greatest by Eminem
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Married to the game and a bad bitch chose - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
I feel like I'm losin' my focus I feel like I'm losin' my patience I feel like my thoughts in the basement Feel like, I feel like you're miseducated Feel like I don't wanna be bothered I feel like you may be the problem I feel like it ain't no tomorrow, fuck the world - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar] - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty 10-4, no switchin' sides - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And you the reason why mom and them leavin' No, you ain't shit, you say you love 'em, I know you don't mean it I know you irresponsible, selfish, in denial, can't help it - u by Kendrick Lamar
Are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Wait, are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? I live on ten Wait, but are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Hol' up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Cole is the king, most definite - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Somebody pop all day, hol' up Somebody on they way, hol' up I wore the crown all day, hol' up Somebody can't relate, hol' up Stay down with no fakin', go up Top-down, I've been racin', go up She wild and been dangerous, go up My crown in rotation, yeah - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Just penetratin' that throat, dawg She choked on it like smoke, dawg - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
I got power, poison, pain, and joy inside my DNA I got hustle, though, ambition flow inside my DNA - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
[Produced by LoveDragon] - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Everything I write is a damn eight ball - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
When you hop on that trolley, make sure your color's correct - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
[Interlude: JaVonté & Kendrick Lamar] You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it You like it, I love it - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
I should distance myself, I should keep it relentless My selfishness is what got me here, who the fuck I'm kiddin'? So I'ma tell you like I told the last bum Crumbs and pennies, I need all of mines And I recognize this type of panhandlin' all the time I got better judgment, I know when nigga's hustlin', keep in mind When I was strugglin', I did compromise, now I comprehend - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Devil in a dress, - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I see double cups (yonke indawo) O'volovolo (yonke indawo) - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Smoking, lokin', poking that doja 'til I'm idle with you - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Lace myself with the wisdom my playerism enormous So pay the man for performance, saucy all of my garments - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
I done vandalized the industry full circuit - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
(Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up; I got stamina) - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Cartoons and cereal - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
I can rap on some nineties shit, wrap your leggings around my hip - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Shit I've been through prolly offend you, this is Paula's oldest son - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You lookin' at me like it ain't a receipt Like I never made ends meet Eating your leftovers and raw meat - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
When they gon' rejoice and forgive, tell me how I stay positive (Ooh-ooh) When they never see good in me Even though I got hood in me Don't mean he won't redeem me, Lord - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I've been goin' through somethin' One-thousand eight-hundred and fifty-five days I've been goin' through somethin' Be afraid - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Somebody ngiph' indwangu netissue, I’m drippin' - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Yo, yo, yo pull over right here, right here, here you go Yeah pull over right here, to the right Pull over, pull over, pull over, pull over Ight, look look, park right here I'ma be out it'll be like thirty minutes tops It'll be like thirty minutes, I'll be right back out, ight Bitches come and go, bitches come and Yo, yo what up, what's popping, I'm back, I'm back Yo you got that piece ready for me, that Jesus piece Nah the gold, the rose gold joint, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah let me see that, oh shit what is that some What's, what the fuck is that platinum Is that? What's that chain right there Is that-ss-ss white gold, that's platinum Is that plat, well niggas doing platinum again, niggas doing, niggas ain't even platinum yet right, oh shit bout to make Yo I'm trying to bring that shit back, kill these niggas Let me see that one too, the wat, the watch, the platinum watch - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Salt all in my wounds Hear my tears all in my tunes - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
You know when you part of Section.80 You feel like no one can relate 'Cause you are, you are, a loner, loner Marijuana endorphins make you stronger, stronger - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
The parade music we made had us all wearin' shades now, cool - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Desensitized, I vandalized pain, covered up and camouflaged Get used to hearin' arsenal rain - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
I fucked up the rap game and you ain't even know it - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
When the lights go out And I'm in my bed I think of all the madness in my head All of the things that I did back then When I'm in my bed I think of all the memories I've had All of the things I did back then - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
And used that shit to throw it in my face (Man, hol' on, bro) Find it funny you just can't apologize (This bitch, dawg) Egotistic, narcissistic, love, you're all lies (Bro) - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Am I battlin' ghost or AI? Nigga feelin' like Joel Osteen Funny, he was in a film called A.I. And my sixth sense tellin' me to off him - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
I feel like you're the only reason for it - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'm willin' to die for this shit I done cried for this shit, might take a life for this shit - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
"Ribbon In The Sky" on the radio 'cause Stevie know I control - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
this red Corvette's anonymous - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
I said, "Where's Ricardo?" You said, "Oh, no, not the show" - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Light don't mean you smart, bein' dark don't make you stupid And frame of mind for them bustas, ain't talkin' "Woo-hah!" - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
But I guess one night I had a few Huh, one night I had a few Yeah, this little chick that caught my eye I told her: "Hurry up, meet me at the room!" And no, I didn't have a contraceptive What my common sense neglected - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
Stickin' to the scripts, now, here, if them Benjamins go cuddle up - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
I promise that I'll use my gifts to bring understanding For every man, woman and child, how much can you vow? - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
Capitalists posing as compassionates be offending me Yeah, suck my dick with authenticity - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
Life is one funny ma'fucker A true comedian, you gotta love him, you gotta trust him - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Somebody pop all day, hol' up Somebody on they way, hol' up I wore the crown all day, hol' up Somebody can't relate, hol' up Stay down with no fakin', go up Top-down, I've been racin', go up She wild and been dangerous, go up My crown in rotation, yeah - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Most rappers hopin' the world end so they won't have to drop another album - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Girl, I can buy your ass the world with my paystub - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
Real niggas do not deserve pussy Meaning it's more you see right through walls Ain't talkin' about pussy Meaning you deserve the whole box of chocolates Come with me Forrest Gump had a lot goin' for him Never without pussy You know, Jenny almost gave it all up for him Never even pushed for the pussy Where's Forrest now when you need him? Talk to me, talk to me, hey, ayy, hey - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Tell me what you do for love, loyalty, and passion of All the memories collected, moments you could never touch - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
It's funny how Zulu and Xhosa might go to war Two tribal armies that wanna build and destroy Remind me of these Compton Crip gangs that live next door Beefin' with Pirus, only death settle the score - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Got six magazines that's aimed at me Done every magazine, what's fame to me? - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Breakin' your legs eight different ways, ankle to waist - Greatest by Eminem
What's the pros and the cons of this next check? Wasn't nobody 'round, I was independent - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood (Uh) You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done (Hey) 'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! (Bad blood) Now we've got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em (Think we can solve 'em, uh) You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
So I was takin' a walk the other day And I seen a woman—a blind woman Pacin' up and down the sidewalk She seemed to be a bit frustrated As if she had dropped somethin' and Havin' a hard time findin' it So after watchin' her struggle for a while I decide to go over and lend a helping hand, you know? "Hello, ma'am, can I be of any assistance? It seems to me that you have lost something I would like to help you find it" She replied, "Oh, yes, you have lost something You've lost… your life" - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And don't be forging all my signatures, my listeners reply And tell me that you biting style, you got a hell of an appetite - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Gamblin' Benjamin benefits, sinnin' in traffic - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
Life won't get you high like this here, no He won't get you high like this here, no She won't get you high like this here, no - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
All these pointers on me, baby, you know it's game time - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
How many times the city making me promises? - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Word to Phife, Q-Tip, Ali, and Jarobi - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Look inside of my soul and you can find Gold and maybe get rich—hol' up - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Within fourteen tracks, carried out over wax - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Mother cried, put they hands on her, it was family ties - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Hit that shoulder lean I know what comin' over me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Married to the game and a bad bitch chose - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
I fought like a pitbull terrier Blood I shed could fill up aquariums - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
'Til her vocal cords were swellin' And her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spellings' face - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Keep it a hundred, I'd rather you trust me than to love me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
You know I'd go the distance, you know I'm ten toes down Even if master listenin', cover your ears, he 'bout to mention - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
50K to cousins, post a caption - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
backstroke every day in Chicago - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Kris Stephens] - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
Three degrees low, make it hot for me, drop that - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Don't fuck up my high (Fuck up my high) Nights like this, I could fuck up a pie Still be straight (Still be straight) - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
All my hoes do shrooms, nigga, all my hoes do coke - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Hell, you know my repertoire is like a wrestler I show you the ropes, - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
He was sobbin', he was mobbin', way belligerent and drunk Talkin' out his head, philosophin' on what the Lord had done - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
Smokin' on your top five tonight, tonight Yeah, I'm smokin' on your what's-his-name tonight, tonight - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
I be worried 'bout my daughter, I be worried 'bout Kim But Saint is baby Ye, I ain't worried 'bout him - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The last remainder of real shit, you know the obvious Me, scholarship? No, streets put me through colleges - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
New shit, new Kung Fu Kenny - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
I'd rather fuck on your cousin Bitch, you said you gon' fuck who? You heard me, nigga, it's nothing (Alright) - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
My resume is real enough for two millennium A better way to make a wave, stop defendin' them - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
Vladimir making nightmares (How I get so low?) - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
(Mr. Duckworth) - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
I met her at this house party on El Segundo and Central She had the credentials of strippers in Atlanta - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
I went to war last night (Night, night, night, night, woo) I've been dealing with depression ever since an adolescent - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Oh God, bless the dead (Yup) I'm livin' life, high off life I wear my chokes off to bed - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Produced by Dave Free] - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The yam brought it out of Richard Pryor Manipulated Bill Clinton with desires - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
In this country, a Black man only have like Five years we can exhibit maximum strength - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
I should ask a choir: "What do you require To sing a song that acquire me to have faith?" As the record spin I should pray - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
And I got hunger pain that grow insane - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Bounce out, know he spook town, eyes dilated - squabble up by Kendrick Lamar
Here in this dimension You and I are meant to be - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
It's more to feed your mind Water, sun and love, the one you love All you need, the air you breathe - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
I been stomped out in front of my mama - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
I live inside the belly of the rough, Compton, USA - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
Took control of my fleshly body when the money changed - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
Women, weed, weather, it's not my fault That it's 82 degrees and my top peeled off - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Then bash him in, you Crippin' or you married to Blood? I'll ask again, oops, accident - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
I don't smoke crack, motherfucker, I sell it! - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
"Fuck am I 'posed to do when I'm lookin' at walkin' licks? - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Lucy go get it, Lucy not timid, Lucy up front - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
These niggas talkin' out of they necks Don't pull no coffin out of your mouth, - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Kendrick, where you at? - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
[Part II] - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Stop - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
And stackin' up the footage, livin' on the go And sleepin' in a villa Sippin' from a Grammy, walkin' in the buildin' Diamond in the ceilin', marble on the floors Beach inside the window, peekin' out the window - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
All my life, I want money and power Respect my mind or die from lead shower - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
To the point I should hate everything I do love? Should I hate living my life inside the club? Should I hate her for watching me for that reason? Should I hate him for telling me that I'm seizin'? Should I hate them for telling me "ball out"? Should I hate street credibility I'm talkin' about Hating all money, power, respect in my will - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
And twenty of 'em want you as a casualty And one of them is actually next to you And two of them is practically tired of your lifestyle Just don't got the audacity to tell you - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Banana clip, split his banana pudding, uh - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar] - u by Kendrick Lamar
Spoiled by fantasies of who you are, I feel bad for you - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
At 27 years old, my biggest fear was bein' judged - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Devil in a dress, - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
clocked him a grip and start slangin' Fifteen, scrapin' up his jeans with quarter pieces Even got some head from a smoker last weekend - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Anything, see my name is Lucy, I'm your dog - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
Right or wrong, no stone, just love to send me - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Don't ask for your favorite rapper (He dead), yes, sir (Amen), church (He dead), I killed him (Amen), bitch - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Kendrick, where you at? - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Early mornin' wake-ups (Ah), practicin' on day-offs (Ah) Tough love (Ah), bottled up, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chase- (Ah) Early mornin' wake-ups (Wake-ups), practicin' on day-offs (Ah, day-offs) Tough love (Ah), bottled up, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
I like my raps extra prolific Since freestyling on lunch tables and park benches - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
Would you consider yourself a fighter at heart or somebody that Somebody that only reacts when they back is against the wall? - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Vladimir making nightmares (How I get so low?) - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
I'll wait… Your rebuttal a little too late And if you have a album date, just make sure I'm not in the song 'Cause I don't need the attention, bring enough of that on my own - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Let me put the head in Ooh, I don't want more than that; girl, I respect the cat I promise, just a touch Let me put the head in If it's okay; she said, "It's okay" - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
The parade music we made had us all wearin' shades now, cool - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
'Cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit And I can remind motherfuckers how I do shit - Greatest by Eminem
Solicitin' women problems, therapy's a lovely start - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
It goes, "Sherm sticks, burn this" That's what the product smell like when the chemicals mix - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Lamar stated his views on police brutality With that line in the song, quote "And we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'" Oh, please, ugh, I don't like it - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
You the reason Harvey Weinstein had to see his conclusion - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Got six magazines that's aimed at me Done every magazine, what's fame to me? - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
The Elohim, KTW - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
[Produced by Dave Free] - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
So when you play this song, rewind the first verse About me abusin' my power so you can hurt About me and her in the shower whenever she horny About me and her in the after hours of the morning About her baby daddy currently servin' life - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Get God on the phone Said it won't be long - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
It's so hard to be humble It's so hard to be Lord knows I'm tryin' Lord knows I'm dyin', baby - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
Today is the day I follow my intuition Keep the family close, get money, fuck bitches - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm sellin' verses, JT, watch me work it, JT - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
I love my father for tellin' me to take off the gloves 'Cause everything he didn't want was everything I was - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
What is a rapper with jewelry? A way that I show my maturity - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Now, in a perfect world, I probably won't be insensitive Cold as December but never remember what winter did - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
I know everything, - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
But when the shit get brackin', don't you ask for me How many leaders gon' tell you the truth after me? - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
I mean, the pump fakes on the Facebooks - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
When it all breaks, you'll still say you're lovely And love them and love when you love her You love so much, you love when love hurts - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
Talkin' to Top about business again - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I don't let 'em play with me I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way Uh, they better watch what they say to me Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
I 'member Amber told my boy No matter what happens, she ain't goin' back to Philly Back to our regularly scheduled programmin' Of weak content and slow jammin' - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
This time I might put you down - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
[Produced by Boi-1da & Koz] - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
So give me a run for my money - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
All them say we doomed from the start cah we Black Remember this, every race start from the Black, go scream mother - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
I'll prolly die walkin' back home from the candy house I'll prolly die because these colors are standin' out - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
This is the life of another girl damaged by the system These foster homes, I run away and never do miss 'em - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Black Pendleton ball cap (West, west, west) - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
What the fuck is cancel culture, dawg? Say what I want about you niggas, I'm like Oprah, dawg I treat you crackers like I'm Jigga, watch, I own it all - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
[Post-Chorus] - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Sick venom in men and women overcome with pride A perfect world is never perfect, only filled with lies - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
This shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody Even with a pot to piss in - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
All the girls wanna play Baywatch - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
I wanna say thank you to everyone that's been down with me All my fans, all my beautiful fans Anyone who's ever gave me a listen, all my people - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
I see jigaboos, I see Styrofoams - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
Devil is a lie, - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
[Produced by Boi-1da & Koz] - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Or ever since me and Drizzy started hangin' out, huh - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars approach you All the stars approach you All the stars approach you This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars are closer All the stars are closer All the stars are closer - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Look, I feel heartless, often off this Feelin' of fallin', of fallin' apart with Darkest hours, lost it Fillin' the void of bein' employed with ballin' - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
The better part, the human heart, you love ’em or dissect 'em - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Wait, are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? I live on ten Wait, but are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Hol' up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
Meet the Grahams - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
Sex, money, murder our DNA - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q] - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
It's genocism, it's grimy, little justification - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Early mornin' wake-ups (Ah), practicin' on day-offs (Ah) Tough love (Ah), bottled up, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
Seventeen with nothin' but pussy stuck on my mental My motive was rather sinful, "What you tryna get into?" - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
We gon' put it in reverse - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Eight doobies to the face, fuck that Twelve bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that Two pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Hol' up, that pussy petty - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
If findin' somebody real is your fuckin' problem Bring your girls to the crib, maybe we can solve it - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!) And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!) And I run it (Y-Yeah! Blow!) And I run it (Yeah! Blow!) That's ironic - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
I'm always ready for a war again (A war again) - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Lately, I feel like I been lusting over the fame Lately, we lust on the same routine of shame Lately (Lately) Lately, my lust been heightened (Lately) - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Niggas clickin' up, but cannot be legit, no 40 Water, tell 'em - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Animaniac the only thing that gave me peace of mind - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
I said, "Where's Ricardo?" You said, "Oh, no, not the show" - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
I asked my momma why she didn't believe me when I told her "No" I never knew she was violated in Chicago, I'm sympathetic Told me that she feared it happened to me, for my protection Though it never happened, she wouldn't agree - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Nappy-ass dreads, what's that you say? Watch your mouth, Milli Vanilli, ooh - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Shooters on top of the building, government aid ain't relief Earthquake, the body dropped, the ground breaks The poor run with smoke lungs and Scarface - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
West Coast - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
I do what I wanna do I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I Look in the mirror and know I'm there With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care In another life, I surely was there Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care I care, I care - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Ride on me like your Pac got me thinkin' it's '96 - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
They say the truth ain't pretty But coming from that pretty mouth, the truth is fitting - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Visions of Martin Luther staring at me - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
I'm free to be the greatest, I'm alive I'm free to be the greatest here tonight, the greatest The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Damn, love or lust Damn, all of us - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Girl, I can buy your ass the world with my paystub - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
I feel like it's just me Look, I feel like I can't breathe Look, I feel like I can't sleep - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
I practiced runnin' from fear, guess I had some good luck - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Freeband nigga, bring the racks in - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
The feelin' is toxic, I feel like I'm boxin' demons Monsters, false prophets schemin' Sponsors, industry promises - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Thirty millions later, my future favors The legendary status of a hip-hop rhyme savior - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
To all my niggas I would die for, load my pistol up, go out and war for - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 2: SZA] - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Que reflejan tu mirada La noche, tú y yo - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
Tell me that you love me, always thinkin' of me Unconditional, I'm hoping I'm your favorite - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
[Chorus: Kanye West, Junie Morrison & Ghostface Killah] Please, no more parties in L.A. (Shake that body, party that body) Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh (Shake that body, party that body) No more parties in L.A. (Los Angeles) Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh No more parties in L.A. Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
To all my niggas I would die for, load my pistol up, go out and war for - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I chip a nigga lil' bit of nothin' I chip a nigga lil' bit of nothin' I chip a nigga lil' bit of nothin' I chip a nigga, then throw the blower in his lap Walk myself to the court like, "Bitch, I did that X-rated" - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
My old hoes try to keep tabs on me - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Right now, you lookin' real sus right now - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
Fall back, bitch, I got a lot on my plate Don't waste my breath I don't know how many moons a nigga got left - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
we the last of a dying breed - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
don't ask for your favorite rapper (He dead), yup-yup (Amen), I know (He dead), for sure (Amen), amen - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Better yet, I wanna break up, don't you ask me 'Bout no motherfucking double standard, acting Fucking on another nigga, that's a negative alone But you sucked his dick? That's just nasty Matter fact, bitch, gimme your phone! (No!) You fucking with Wayne's!? (No!) - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
How tough is your skin when they turn you in? Do you show forgiveness? - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
You ain't shit without a body on your belt - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
Beth Gibbons - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
A four-year-old tellin' his nanny he needed her His family history: pimpin' and bangin' He was meant to be dangerous - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Fuck you and all your expectations (Expectations) I don't even want your congratulations (Congratulations) - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!) - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar] - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
Anna Wise, - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
we adapt to crime Pack a van with four guns at a time With the sliding door, fuck is up? - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
Now I was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
It took six months to get the Maybach all matted out And my assistant crashed it soon as they backed it out - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Kendrick made you think about it, but he is not your savior Cole made you feel empowered, but he is not your savior Future said, "Get a money counter," but he is not your savior 'Bron made you give his flowers, but he is not your savior He is not your savior - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons" Which is funny now cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Congratulations, made it to be famous, still I feel uneasy - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
Hopped out the Caddy, just got my dick sucked The little homies called and said, "The enemies done cliqued up" - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
In the parking lot, Gonzales Park, I'm followed By a married man, and father of three My titties bounce on the cadence of his tinklin' keys - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Kendrick, where you at? - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Y'all gotta see that I won, man - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
I double-parked the Aston in the red - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
It's only replaced by a rubber substitute - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
It's murder on my street, your street, back streets, Wall Street Corporate offices, banks, employees, and bosses with - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
You're fuckin' evil I want you to recognize that I'm a proud monkey - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
(Mr. Duckworth) - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky] - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Everything in life is a gamble Nothin' in life I can't handle Seen it all, done it all, felt pain more For the cause, I done put blood on sword - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
It seems that all the autumn leaves are fallin' - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
I woke up for some money, ayy, lil' bitch Too many opps in here, tell me who you with - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Tell Floyd to enjoy his newborn seed I'll have whatever he needs, - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
50-nigga salute, out the Compton zoo, with the extras - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
*Gunshot* - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
[Guitar Interlude: Paul McCartney] Whistling - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
The settlers was usin' townfolk to make 'em richer Fast-forward, 2024, you got the same agenda - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
I'ma drop the album same day as Kanye - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Demetrius is Mary-Ann now Remember church, Easter Sunday? I sat in the pew, you had stronger faith More spiritual when these dudes were living life straight - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Oh, yeah? Puto want to squabble with mi barrio? - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
[Outro: Mommy] - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
‘Cause I endured a lot of pain for everythang that I got - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
Ever since a young man (Since a young man) All I wanna be was a gunman (Was a gunman) Shootin’ up the charts, better run, man - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
connect the dots - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Red light, green light, red light, green light Red light, green light, they like, we like Fast cars - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Here we go! - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 2: JAY-Z] - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Don't tell a lie on me I won’t tell the truth 'bout you Don't tell a lie on me I won't tell the truth 'bout you - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
At first, I did love you But now I just wanna fuck Late nights thinkin' of you Until I get my nut Tossed and turned, lesson learned You was my first girlfriend Bridges burned, all across the board Destroyed, but what for? - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
La di da di da, slob on me knob Pass me some syrup, fuck me in the car La di da di da, mothafuck the law - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
I'm talkin' fear, fear that my humbleness is gone - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
What's wrong, nigga? I thought you was keeping it gangsta I thought this what you wanted - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
this red Corvette's anonymous - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
I'll prolly die because I ain't know Demarcus was snitchin' - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't nobody prayin' for me (Ain't nobody prayin' for me) (Ain't nobody prayin' for me) Ain't nobody prayin' for me (Nobody prayin' for me) Ain't nobody prayin' for me Ain't nobody—(Prayin' for me) (Nobody prayin' for me) - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
I just put diamonds on all of my teeth, now they probably think I ain't intelligent - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
If I see it how he seen it, that would make my parents happy - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
I'm talkin' fear, fear that my humbleness is gone - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
I feel like this gotta be the feelin' where 'Pac was The feelin' of an apocalypse happenin' But nothin' is awkward, the feelin' won't prosper - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
We was in the hood, fourteen with the deuce-deuce - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Woke up again and jumped up Like, "Fuck it! I've had it, I'm checkin' into rehab" - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Walls feelin' like they ready to close in - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
I see jigaboos, I see Styrofoams - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
"¡Es que no hay mucho tiempo tengo que limpiar el cuarto!" - u by Kendrick Lamar
Frightenin', so fuckin' frightenin' Enough to drive a man insane, a woman insane The reason Lauryn Hill don't sing, - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
My heart don't skip a beat, even when hard times bumps the needle - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Dusted, doomed, disgusted, forced with Fuck you think is in more shit? - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
I'm willin' to die for this shit I done cried for this shit, might take a life for this shit - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
To any bitch that talk to him and they in love Just make sure you hide your lil' sister from him - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
(All you bitches) - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I love my father for tellin' me to take off the gloves 'Cause everything he didn't want was everything I was - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
I know how you work, I know just who you are See, you's a, you's a, you's a— Bitch, your hormones prolly switch inside your DNA Problem is, all that sucker shit inside your DNA Daddy prolly snitched, heritage inside your DNA - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
Reminisce when I had the morning appetite - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky] - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Throw that to the side, yeah I get those goosebumps every time, yeah When you're not around When you throw that to the side, yeah I get those goosebumps every time - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
If everything is dipped in gold, then, baby, it will never grow - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Mr. One through Five, that's the only logic Fake my death, go to Cuba, that's the only option - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
He hates Black women, hypersexualizes 'em with kinks of a nympho fetish - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
If I didn’t ride blade on curb, would you still love me? If I minimized my net worth, would you still love me? - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid (Go crazy) - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
Is it wickedness? Is it weakness? You decide Are we gonna live or die? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
But I'ma purchase when that day is jerkin' (That day is jerkin', day is jerkin') - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
I know morality, spirituality, good and bad health I know fatality might haunt you - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
Trifecta, money, morals, and culture, that's my leisure - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
(To you) - u by Kendrick Lamar
Stutter steppin', got a Hall of Fame in all my posters - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Mona Lisa, I done painted the picture Mo-Mona Lisa, out the frame on these niggas - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with Just love me, just love me, just love I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with Love me I wanna be with you Love me, just love me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
The family matter and the truth of the matter It was God's plan to show y'all the liar - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
You love fast cars and dead presidents old - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
"Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, boy Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga Oh now, slow down" - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Race barriers make inferior of you and I - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
I do what I wanna do I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I Look in the mirror and know I'm there With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
Thirty millions later, know the feds watchin' Auntie on my Telegram like, "Be cautious!" - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Tell me that you love me, always thinkin' of me Unconditional, I'm hoping I'm your favorite - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
I feel like the whole world want me to pray for 'em But who the fuck prayin' for me? - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! Now we've got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Grown men never should bite their tongue - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Sneak me through the back window, I’m a good field nigga I made a flower for you outta cotton just to chill with you - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
[Outro: Kendrick Lamar & Whitney Alford] Funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk We want the funk We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk Do you want the funk? We want the funk Do you want the funk? We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
I feel good, get the fuck out my face Look good, but she don't got no taste - squabble up by Kendrick Lamar
The famous actor we once knew is lookin' paranoid and now is spiralin' - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
but if we never grow up Then I wish you good luck on the seats thats inside this Porsche - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
'Cause I (Want you) - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Shimmy, shimmy, cocoa puff - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
I know everything - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
And I been hustlin' all day, this-a-way, that-a-way Through canals and alleyways, just to say - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Seen a Christian say the vaccine mark of the beast (Too low-key) Then he caught COVID and prayed to Pfizer for relief (Too low-key) Then I caught COVID and started to question Kyrie (So low-key) Will I stay organic or hurt in this bed for two weeks? (Too low-key) (You really wanna know?) - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
We know a lot 'bout each other, her mother was a crack addict She live with her granny and her younger two brothers - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
I ran out of tears when I was eighteen So nobody made me but the main streets 'Cause too many people think they made me Well, if they really made me, then replace me - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care In another life, I surely was there Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care I care, I care - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
If findin' somebody real is your fuckin' problem Bring your girls to the crib, maybe we can solve it, ayy - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
I used to watch on Channel 5, TV was taken - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
Meditating in silence made you wanna tell on me - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
  [Interlude: Egypt] Compton is where I'm from Is where I'm from, where is I'm from - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
Slide on you like fallen drapes God toss full of carnivals - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
It was like a head-on collision that folded me standing still - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
I can be your advocate - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
Girl, I'm Kendrick Lamar (Mm) - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
I grew up to Em, B.I.G., and Pac, bitch, and got ruined So until I got the same crib B.I.G. had in that "Juicy" vid Bitch, I can't motherfuckin' stop movin' - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
I can feel it, the phoenix sure to watch us I can feel it, the dream is more than process I can put a regime that forms a Loch Ness I can feel it, the scream that haunts all logic - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
I pray our children don't inherit me and feelings I attract - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
'Came a man by myself, only father was time I know that she relate baby daddy ain't shit - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I feel like you're the only reason for it - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ayy, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances Finesse a nigga with some counterfeits, but now I'm countin’ this - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
So I was takin' a walk the other day And I seen a woman—a blind woman Pacin' up and down the sidewalk She seemed to be a bit frustrated As if she had dropped somethin' and Havin' a hard time findin' it So after watchin' her struggle for a while I decide to go over and lend a helping hand, you know? "Hello, ma'am, can I be of any assistance? It seems to me that you have lost something I would like to help you find it" She replied, "Oh, yes, you have lost something You've lost… your life" - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
The five-foot giant woke up out of his sleep, nigga - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
pardon my residence Came from the bottom of mankind My hair is nappy, my dick is big, my nose is round and wide - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Who gon' pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? 'Cause I'm alone, you see If I'm gon' die for you, if I'm gon' kill for you Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Juggling the pros and cons of fame I don't know how to make friends, I'm a lonely soul - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
I know He walks the Earth But it's money to get, bitches to hit, yah Zeroes to flip, temptation is, yah First on my list, I can't resist, yah Everyone together now, know that we forever— - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
I need some water Something came over me Way too hot to simmer down, might as well overheat Too close to comfort - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
I do what I wanna do I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I Look in the mirror and know I'm there With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
You're playin' nerdy with Zack Bia and Twitter bots - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
I'm gon' ask you one more time, homie Where is you from? Or it is a problem Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ask him if he over here for Sherane Ayy, you over here for Sherane, homie? I don't care who this nigga over here for If he don't tell me where he from, it's a wrap, I'm sorry Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, we gon' do it like this, okay? I'ma tell you where I'm from, okay? You gon' tell me where you from, okay? Or, or, or where your grandma stay Where your mama stay, or where your daddy stay, okay? Fuck all this talkin' As a matter fact, get out the van, homie Get out the car 'fore I snatch you out that motherfucker, homie - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Who gon' pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? 'Cause I'm alone, you see If I'm gon' die for you, if I'm gon' kill for you Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself? - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
You chumps don't even know how to do somethin' To give goosebumps a day when you say That somethin’ you wrote gave someone a lump in their throat Or you had them choked up, you'd be yankin' my chain (Ayy) - Greatest by Eminem
backstroke every day in Chicago - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
I walk in, walked out with the safе - squabble up by Kendrick Lamar
Are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Wait, are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? I live on ten Wait, but are you on ten yet? Are you on ten yet? Hol' up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up Fuck the place up, fuck the place up - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
You close your eyes to look ar— - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
The search of laws and verse of the birth I nest The—uh, the awe, the curse of a pose in zest The good, the flaws, the pain to reverse what's left, uh - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
Sincerely, yours truly, and right before you go blind, PS - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Every time I come around, demolition might crush - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star Every nigga is a star, ayy Who will deny that you and I and every nigga is a star? - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar] - Memories Back Then by T.I. (Ft. B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar & Kris Stephens)
Mr. One through Five, that's the only logic Fake my death, go to Cuba, that's the only option - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
New freezer (Ice) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You makin' him nervous, the music is loud - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
[Break: Dr. Dre] - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop So you can call it a nostril 'cause it's not gonna ever - Greatest by Eminem
The five-foot giant woke up out of his sleep, nigga - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
History repeats again Make amends, then find a nigga with the same skin to do it - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
And I like to understand 'cause your house was never a home Thirty-seven, but you showin' up as a seven-year-old - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
Molly in her drink, but she asked me to and oh yeah I got this on cam - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
My mother's mother followed me for years in her afterlife Starin' at me on back of some buses, I wake up at night - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
I wasn't perfect, the skin I was in had truly suffered Temptation, impatience, everything that the body nurtures I felt the good, I felt the bad, and I felt the worry But all-in-all, my productivity had stayed urgent - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
The thought's scary, yo, though and it hurts—brace! - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself? - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
But is America honest or do we bask in sin? Pass the gin, I mix it with American blood - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
Somebody ngiph' indwangu netissue, I’m drippin' - X by ScHoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Saudi & Kendrick Lamar
We okay, we let the A1 fly Relocate, jump on the same G5 - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Stuck inside the belly of the beast Can you please pray for me? - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
Mass hallucination, baby Ill education, baby Want to reconnect with your elations? This is your station, baby - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
So she raised that nigga kids but she swallowing mine - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You the reason bitches start fuckin' with bitches when they change You the reason bitches start callin' y'all bitches 'cause y'all useless - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop So you can call it a nostril 'cause it's not gonna ever - Greatest by Eminem
Who gon' pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? 'Cause I'm alone, you see If I'm gon' die for you, if I'm gon' kill for you Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Right now, you lookin' real sus right now - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
Everybody, everybody, everybody Everybody sit yo bitch-ass down And listen to this true mothafuckin' story Told by Kendrick Lamar on Rosecrans, ya bitch - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
It's more to feed your mind Water, sun and love, the one you love All you need, the air you breathe - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
It's time that you look around on who's around you Before you figure that you're not alone, ask: "What Mike would do?" - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Gamblin' Benjamin benefits, sinnin' in traffic - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
[Break: Dr. Dre] - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
Bilal - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
I'm fuckin' the world, I unzip my pants - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
Say, say, say - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Take off the gossip, take off the new logic that if I'm rich, I'm rare (Take it off) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed - u by Kendrick Lamar
Five-O askin' me what's in my possession - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And I might do a show a day, once a lame, always a lame - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Clear, fuck your career, bitch, I was born here - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Barefoot babies with no care Teenage gun toters that don't play fair, should I get out the car? I don't see Compton, I see something much worse The land of the landmines, the hell that's on earth - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
Nappy-ass dreads, what's that you say? Watch your mouth, Milli Vanilli, ooh - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You better bring more men than the Latter Day Saints Manic states, Stephen Paddock with automatic stay sprayin' At anything that may stand in they way As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade And a trey eight, at the Mandalay Bay - Greatest by Eminem
Back when it was comedic relief to say, "Faggot" "Faggot, faggot, faggot," we ain't know no better Elementary kids with no filter, however - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
When you get a new chain, nigga take it from you A new name, want stripes, and you a zebra look-alike - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
I'm tryna push peace in L.A.  But you love war No, I don't Oh, yes, you do - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
And I'm hands-on, he fuck around, get polished - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
(Yeah) - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
Promises are broken and more resentment come alive - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't no Black Power when your baby killed by a coward - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
By the time you hear the next pop The funk shall be within you—*Gunshot* - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
Now my dick ain't free - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
That's cool, I don't ask why - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
More divorce courts and portion My check with less endorsement left me dormant - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
[Directed by Colin Tilley & The Little Homies] - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
I know you heard me, nigga, this is a burpee, nigga - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Try cease and desist on the "Like That" record? Ho, what? You ain't like that record? - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Race barriers make inferior of you and I - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Oh no, I can't fuck with y'all Yeah, when I'm with my squad, I cannot do no wrong Yeah, saucin' in the city, don't get misinformed - goosebumps by Travis Scott (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Jumpin' on what the hell is that? I gotta relax when I feel (Huh, facts) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Motherfucker, you can live at the mall - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
That banana clip, straight from the rip - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
One of these lives, I'ma make things right With the wrongs I've done, that's when I unite With the Father, Son, 'til then, I fight - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
I feel like sayin' somethin', I feel like takin' somethin' I feel like skatin' off, I feel like waitin' for 'em Maybe it's too late for 'em - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, don't kill my vibe You ain't heard the coast like this in a long time, - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Sky could fall down, wind could cry now - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar & Chelsea Blythe] - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Heartache, she only doin' what she know - luther by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Chad left his body after we FaceTimed - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Is it wickedness? Is it weakness? You decide Are we gonna live or die? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
[Intro] Dick hard like rottweiler Can you handle it? Can you handle it? Woo woo, woo woo - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
You really need some therapy - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
Lucy got paperwork on top of paperwork - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Frozen moments, still holdin' on it, hard to trust myself - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
New bitch wanna fuck to my AP (Bitch) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Me and the homies - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
Take the drums out - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
Whoever that's fuckin' with him, fuck you niggas, and fuck the industry too - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
I can’t fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure I can't fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
black cherry soda Pistol and poverty, come get to know us - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
So get up off that slave ship Build your own pyramids, write your own hieroglyphs - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
bring more of them coffins - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Because it's all in your eyes, most of y'all tell lies Most of y'all don't fade, most of y'all been advised - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
I fought like a pitbull terrier Blood I shed could fill up aquariums - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Kendrick a.k.a. "Compton's Human Sacrifice" - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
My mother's mother followed me for years in her afterlife Starin' at me on back of some buses, I wake up at night - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
So many bombs, make Farrakhan think that Saddam in this bitch - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
Mona Lisa, long hair, don't care - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Bitch, are you happy for me? Really, are you happy for me? You smile in my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah, I'm out the way, are you happy for me? Bitch, are you happy for me? Really, are you happy for me? You smile in my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah, I'm out the way, are you happy for me? - Savior by Kendrick Lamar, Baby Keem & Sam Dew
(Mona Lisa) - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And if my ship go down, tell me, who will abort? - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Uh, feelin' like a vigilante or a missionary - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
I'm steady always on the go You steady always on the go We steady losing all control - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Fell on my face and awoke with a scar, another mistake livin' deep in my heart - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Before we sparked a conversation We seen three niggas in colors we didn't like Then started interrogatin' - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
I chip a nigga, then throw the blower in his lap Walk myself to the court like, "Bitch, I did that" - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo DVD's, plasma-screen TV's in the trunk - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
You close your eyes to look ar— - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star Every nigga is a star, ayy Who will deny that you and I and every nigga is a star? - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
I'm important like the Pope, I'm a Muslim on pork - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
Remember when picked up a pen, lyrics that I can trust Timid soul, stare in the mirror, askin' where I was from often - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
I'm telling these tears, "Go and fall away, fall away," oh May the last one burn into flames - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
X the hoes in my bed is 'round the same amount (What?) - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Bentleys won't get you high, no, no, no - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
I be at New Ho King eatin' fried rice with a dip sauce and a blammy, crodie - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Promise momma not to fear nobody Seen black turn 'em Burgundy Hundred of them, I know I'm greedy - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom, shit - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
I fight pain and hurricanes, today, I wept I'm tryna fight back tears, flood on my doorsteps Life a livin' hell, puddles of blood in the streets - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Pour up (Drank), head shot (Drank) Sit down (Drank), stand up (Drank) Pass out (Drank), wake up (Drank) Faded (Drank), faded (Drank) - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
[Intro: Dr. Dre] - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Tell me that you love me, always thinkin' of me Unconditional, I'm hoping I'm your favorite - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Grown-up candy for pain, can we live in a sane - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Oh, oh, collard greens - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga 'Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
I'm the only nigga next to Snoop that can push the button Had the Coast on standby - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Hydrate up the rap game - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
[Intro: Josef Leimberg] - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
Heart plays in ways the mind can't figure out Heart plays in ways the mind can't— Heart plays in ways the mind can't figure out This is how we conceptualize human beings - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Can you be immortalized without your life being expired? Even though you share the same blood, is it worth the time? Like, who got your best interest? Like, how much are you dependent? How clutch are the people that say they love you? And who pretending? - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Lamar stated his views on police brutality With that line in the song, quote "And we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'" Oh, please, ugh, I don't like it - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Goddamn! Got a bald fade, I might slam - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I really wanna show you off, fuck that - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
More Act in a lemonade (Act) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Big chillin - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
Man, I got so much shit up on my plate, dog - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Pussy got you out of character, nigga You fall for these hoes off your ladder, my nigga - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
To a baby boy to be just like you, I wonder what's that worth I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
If you wanna fall through, get Top on the phone He don't pick up then it ain't bool Let you know it ain't good to stop - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
Gangsta nigga, no trap beats, bet I still sound like that new shit Originality in my blueprint, still Figg side, Figueroa pimp - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
I ain't trippin'. - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
When they gon' rejoice and forgive, tell me how I stay positive (Ooh-ooh) When they never see good in me Even though I got hood in me Don't mean he won't redeem me, Lord - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
She rollin', - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Learning to have patience only cause you are timeless - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Is it wickedness? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
But I manipulated power as I lied to the masses - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
By tomorrow, we forget the remains, we start over That's the problem - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
(I want, I want, I want, I want) But I want you to want me too (I want, I want, I want, I want) I want the hood to want me back (I want, I want, I want, I want) I want the hood Look what I done for you (Look what I done for you) Look what I done for you - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
(Another world premiere) - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Stutter steppin', got a Hall of Fame in all my posters - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Who gon' pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? 'Cause I'm alone, you see If I'm gon' die for you, if I'm gon' kill for you Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem) And yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem) I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem) And yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem) I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem) And yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem) - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
Fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuckin' it up - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015 Once I finish this, witnesses will convey just what I mean - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Salmon and capers, fame and lawsuits - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
Open correctional gates in higher desert (Yeah) - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I mean, baby You really think we could make a baby named Mercedes Without a Mercedes Benz and twenty-four-inch rims Five percent tint, and air conditioning vents? Hell fuckin' naw, - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar] And I love my (I love myself) Huh, when you lookin' at me, ah, tell me what do you see? (I love myself) Ahh, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the poli' (I love myself) Uh, illuminated by the hand of God, boy, don't seem shy (I love myself) One day at a time, huh - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
I come from a generation of home invasions and I got daddy issues, that's on me - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
It's a lot of opinions, but no power to carry it - wacced out murals by Kendrick Lamar
"Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, boy Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga Oh now, slow down" - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Sent a picture of her titties, blowin' up my texts I looked at 'em and almost ran my front bumper into Corvette - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
And twenty of 'em want you as a casualty And one of them is actually next to you And two of them is practically tired of your lifestyle Just don't got the audacity to tell you - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
The history had trickled down and made us ign'ant My favorite cousin said he's returning the favor And following my auntie with the same behavior - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Bright lights and Rihanna as a lady friend - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Nobody can't mute me But I never said nobody can't shoot me - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Now, in a perfect world, I probably won't be insensitive Cold as December but never remember what winter did - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Tell me who love you, I bet I love harder - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Three degrees low, make it hot for me, drop that - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Don't mind, 'cause now you ever in debt to good kid, m.A.A.d. city - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Keep it a hundred, I’d rather you trust me than to love me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Story of a gun-clapper really tryna make a change Everybody ain't blessed, my nigga Yes, my nigga, you're blessed, take advantage, do your best, my nigga - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar] - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
​​ - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
And when the water reside, you're Bobby Boucher - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
I got my finger on the motherfuckin' pistol Aimin' it at a pig, Charlotte's web is gonna miss you - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Is it wickedness? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Don't hit him, he got kids with him, my apologies - squabble up by Kendrick Lamar
Keep playing ball, cuz It's the only way up out it, bruh, - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Shut your fuckin' mouth and get some cash, you bitch, you You be in your feelings, I be in my bag, you bitch, you - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
And in my notepad, man, I wrote (Man, I wrote) - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Niggas from the bottom really like that (If you like that) - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
I can feel your energy from two planets away - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
I had my ups and downs But I always find the inner strength to pull myself up I was served lemons, but I made lemonade - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Now, baby, when I get you, get you, get you, get you I'ma go hit the throttle with you - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Trifecta, money, morals, and culture, that's my leisure - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar] - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
This dick ain't free - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Light limo tint with light women, dark women in it Aw, Kenny, good game She wanna hang with a Starboy The sun and the moon and star, boy Astronomer, anonymous I line 'em up, we grind 'em up, there's nine of us And five of us have probably fucked She mollied up, I tallied up all the parts, boy Twenty legs, arms, head (Head) Head, head, more head (Head) - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Each day is an Instant Replay They say what we display is symptomatic of addict behaviour - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Produced by Rick Rubin] - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
To you, that's a quick check, - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Mass hallucination, baby Ill education, baby Want to reconnect with your elations? This is your station, baby - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Slick as El DeBarge with the finger waves, work it, JT - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Early mornin' wake-ups (Ah), practicin' on day-offs (Ah) Tough love (Ah), bottled up, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser (Ah) Neat, no chaser (Ah), neat, no chaser - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
What a life we die to live in - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Akcuf’hum siht nrub uoy t'now ,erom on si htraE Reffus attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW Teef ym ta 'nitser uoy ta nworht enots yrevE Deelb attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW Elggurts fo lluf snedrub yrrac traeh ym ni niaP Reffus attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW Teef ym ta 'nitser uoy ta nworht enots yrevE - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
I wrote a million rhymes describing your star power And after 24 bars, you get 24 hours - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Pimp-pimp! (Hooray!) Pimp-pimp! (Hooray!) (Hooray!) Pimp-pimp! (Hooray!) (Hooray!) - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
I been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
He was sobbin', he was mobbin', way belligerent and drunk Talkin' out his head, philosophin' on what the Lord had done - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
Textin' and drivin' down Mulholland Drive That's why I'd rather take the 405 - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Anybody fightin' through the—? - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
With a bone to pick like it was sea bass - tv off by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Lefty Gunplay)
How many more fairytale stories 'bout your life 'til we had enough? - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Because it's all in your eyes, most of y'all tell lies Most of y'all don't fade, most of y'all been advised - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Trackin' device on your used 5 Series I don't call back, just blame it on your Canadian - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
​​ - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
Thundercat - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Jumpin' on what the hell is that? I gotta relax when I feel (Huh, facts) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Shooters on top of the building, government aid ain't relief Earthquake, the body dropped, the ground breaks The poor run with smoke lungs and Scarface - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
I feel like I'm losin' my focus I feel like I'm losin' my patience I feel like my thoughts in the basement Feel like, I feel like you're miseducated Feel like I don't wanna be bothered I feel like you may be the problem I feel like it ain't no tomorrow, fuck the world - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
[Outro: Kendrick Lamar] - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
Put her in the Palms Hotel, sin city - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
"Okay, Audrey, that's as much as you can do," I can actually let it... - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
(How?, yeah) - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Obama say, "What it do?" Obama say, "What it do?" Obama say, "What it do?" - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem) And yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem) I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem) And yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem) I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem) And yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem) - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
The windows roll down, all I see is a hand pass it Hotboxin' like George Foreman grillin' the masses Of the workin' world; - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
Take off the weird-ass jewelry, I'ma take ten steps, then I'm taking off top five - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Now my dick ain't free - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
I got animosity buildin', it's prob'ly big as a buildin' - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Sick venom in men and women overcome with pride A perfect world is never perfect, only filled with lies - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
Red light, green light, red light, green light Red light, green light, they like, we like Fast cars - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Hell, you know my repertoire is like a wrestler I show you the ropes, - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Everybody put three fingers in the air - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
I'ma rain, I'ma rain on this bitter love Tell the sweet I'm new - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And keep a tin of beans for when the weather turn the coldest - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
Look, I feel heartless, often off this Feelin' of fallin', of fallin' apart with Darkest hours, lost it Fillin' the void of bein' employed with ballin' - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, I keep runnin', jump in the aqueducts Fire hydrants and hazardous Smoke alarms on the back of us - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And I'm hands-on, he fuck around, get polished - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
And your plans only can pan around love You love him, you love them, you love her You love so much, you love when love hurts - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
It was always me versus the world Until I found it's me versus me Why, why, why, why? Why, why, why, why? - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Living out his backpack every night Needed a new place to sleep - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Or we can stare up at the stars and put the Beatles on - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
I want you to know that Lucy got you - For Sale? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Ciara had played in the background - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
I've been in my wave like twenty years straight I've been on my vibe like twenty years straight - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Eminem, Pac and where God stay - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Be at all the shows everybody be like, bitch - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
HiiiPoWeR - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Fuck who you know—where you from, my nigga? - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
Eminem, Pac and where God stay - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Oh, oh, collard greens - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And the screw face when the bae look Won't get you no pussy - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty 10-4, no switchin' sides - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
Hit the press with a Cuban link on my neck Uneducated, but I got a million-dollar check like that - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
I do what I wanna do I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I Look in the mirror and know I'm there With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real I'm real, I'm real - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
You say we're cut from the same cloth But I guess you fabricate, eh? - Greatest by Eminem
Love or lust, regardless, we'll fuck 'cause the trife in us It's deep-rooted, the music of bein' young and dumb Is never muted, in fact, it's much louder where I'm from - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Who gon' pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? 'Cause I'm alone, you see If I'm gon' die for you, if I'm gon' kill for you Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Is it wickedness? Is it weakness? You decide Are we gonna live or die? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Heart plays in ways the mind can't figure out Heart plays in ways the mind can't— Heart plays in ways the mind can't figure out This is how we conceptualize human beings - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
All I see is strobe lights, blindin' me in my hindsight - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
If everything is dipped in gold, then, baby, it will never grow - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I’m solid as a rock, ‘cause I came from a rock - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
D-O-T my enemy, won't catch a vibe for this shit, ayy - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
And by my faith in "all good—, all good things come to those that stay true" - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Burnin’ my leather- - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
I crash out like, "Fuck rap," diss Melle Mel if I had to - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Tee off the day, know we off the, be off the, eat off your plate - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Still everybody gotta build for that, me? I make mills off that - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
Don't tell a lie on me I won’t tell the truth 'bout you Don't tell a lie on me I won't tell the truth 'bout you - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
A small percentage who I'm buildin' with (Buildin' with) - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
You the reason Harvey Weinstein had to see his conclusion - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
I'm telling these tears, "Go and fall away, fall away," oh May the last one burn into flames - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Big as Venus, Jupiter, and then Uranus - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
I wake in the morning, my head spinning from the last night Both in a trance, feelings are dead—what a fast life Manager called, the lobby call is 11:30 - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, touché, en garde - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I run through these stop signs with no brake fluid Just premium gas - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Them demons got me, I ain't prayed in some weeks, uh - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Amityville, ain't seen nothin' scarier - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
I knew you was conflicted - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Niggas, bitches, honkies, crackers, Compton Church, religion, token blacks in bondage Lawsuit visits, subpoena served in concert Fuck your feelings, I mean this for imposters - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
He was sobbin', he was mobbin', way belligerent and drunk Talkin' out his head, philosophin' on what the Lord had done - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
this dick ain't free - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home (Everybody get out) - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
I know the secrets, every other rapper sexually abused I see 'em daily buryin' they pain in chains and tattoos So listen close before you start to pass judgment on how he move - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Niggas actin' bad, but somebody gotta do it Got my foot up on the gas, but somebody gotta do it - tv off by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Lefty Gunplay)
And I'm more than a man, I'm a god - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
High-key, your **** is weak buddy (Pussy) - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ain't nobody prayin' for me (Ain't nobody prayin' for me) (Ain't nobody prayin' for me) Ain't nobody prayin' for me (Nobody prayin' for me) Ain't nobody prayin' for me Ain't nobody—(Prayin' for me) (Nobody prayin' for me) - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
You could touch the booty if you like, I ain't trippin' on ya (Such a nice girl, SZA) - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
So I was takin' a walk the other day And I seen a woman—a blind woman Pacin' up and down the sidewalk She seemed to be a bit frustrated As if she had dropped somethin' and Havin' a hard time findin' it So after watchin' her struggle for a while I decide to go over and lend a helping hand, you know? "Hello, ma'am, can I be of any assistance? It seems to me that you have lost something I would like to help you find it" She replied, "Oh, yes, you have lost something You've lost… your life" - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Yo, yo, yo pull over right here, right here, here you go Yeah pull over right here, to the right Pull over, pull over, pull over, pull over Ight, look look, park right here I'ma be out it'll be like thirty minutes tops It'll be like thirty minutes, I'll be right back out, ight Bitches come and go, bitches come and Yo, yo what up, what's popping, I'm back, I'm back Yo you got that piece ready for me, that Jesus piece Nah the gold, the rose gold joint, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah let me see that, oh shit what is that some What's, what the fuck is that platinum Is that? What's that chain right there Is that-ss-ss white gold, that's platinum Is that plat, well niggas doing platinum again, niggas doing, niggas ain't even platinum yet right, oh shit bout to make Yo I'm trying to bring that shit back, kill these niggas Let me see that one too, the wat, the watch, the platinum watch - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
wrist (Stay), froze - luther by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Turned on my family, I went wherever cameras be Cocaine, no private planes for my insanity Self-indulged, discipline never been my sentiments I needed drugs, to me, an 8-ball was like penicillin Fuck love, my happiness was in that brown sugar Sex and melodies gave me hope when nobody's lookin' - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
Forcing me to stand now I said, "Mr. Preacherman, should we love thy neighbor? The laws of the land or the heart, what's greater? I recognize the study she was taught since birth But that don't justify the feelings that my cousin preserved" The building was thinking out loud, bad angel That's when you looked at me and smiled, said, "Thank you" The day I chose humanity over religion - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo DVD's, plasma-screen TV's in the trunk - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
Love or lust, regardless, we'll fuck 'cause the trife in us It's deep-rooted, the music of bein' young and dumb Is never muted, in fact, it's much louder where I'm from - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, lil'— hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil’— sit down, lil’ bitch) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch) Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil’ bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil'—) Sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil'— sit down, lil’ bitch) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch) Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up) - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
(This what God feel like) Huh, he-yeah (This what God feel like) - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
You the reason, we overlooked, underpaid, under-booked, under shame - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
Give me a run for my money There is nobody, no one to outrun me - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Gotta fire my joint up on this bitch - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
[Interlude: Kendrick Lamar] - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Tell me how they sent that footage off and slept that night - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
Is it wickedness? Is it weakness? You decide Are we gonna live or die? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Shimmy, shimmy, cocoa puff - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
[Chorus: Pete Rock] - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
Everything sweet ain't sugar-coated - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Lately, it's all contradiction (Lately, I'm not here) - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars approach you All the stars approach you All the stars approach you This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars are closer All the stars are closer All the stars are closer - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
You the reason Harvey Weinstein had to see his conclusion - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
2021, I ain't takin' no prisoner Last year, y'all fucked up all the listener Who went platinum? I call that a visitor Who the fuck backin' 'em? All been falsified - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
Look myself in the mirror - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, the island right here's remote, okay - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
[Instrumental Break] - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
I fight pain and hurricanes, today, I wept I'm tryna fight back tears, flood on my doorsteps Life a livin' hell, puddles of blood in the streets - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Swear flow special like an infant's first steps - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
Let me put the head in Ooh, I don't want more than that; girl, I respect the cat I promise, just a touch Let me put the head in If it's okay; she said, "It's okay" - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm allergic to a bitch nigga, ayy An imaginary rich nigga, ayy Seven figures ho, that's slimmer than my bitch figure, ayy - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
This dick ain't free - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
She didn't tell, just gave me her Nextel Dropped the number, we chirped the whole summer, and, well - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
My cousin called, my cousin Carl Duckworth Said know my worth And Deuteronomy say that we all been cursed - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Is it unconditional when the 'Rari don't start? - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
I'm hopin' to get her loose like an Uncle Luke anthem - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
I bought infinity pools I never swimmed in - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
And when I say "Doo-doo-doo-doo," - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Can I vent all my truth? I got nothin' to lose, I got problems and pools, I can swim on my faith - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
connect the dots - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga Told him I've been on ten since the 10th grade, nigga - All Day by Kanye West (Ft. Allan Kingdom, Paul McCartney & Theophilus London)
I'm holdin' my scrotum, imposin' - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Now you wanna divide the yam like it equate the math? That shit don't add up, you're making him mad as fuck - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Ventin' in the safe house Ventin' in the sa— [Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar & Baby Keem] - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
And her body got that ass that a ruler couldn't measure - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
(Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up; I got stamina) - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
My homeboy just domed a nigga, I just hope the Lord forgive him - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
I suffer a lot And every day that glass mirror get tougher to watch I tie my stomach in knots - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Huh, two ATMs (Hah, hah, hah, hah) You steppin' or what? (You outta pocket, huh) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Somebody had told me that you got a ring, on God, I'm ready to double the wage I'd rather do that than let a Canadian nigga make Pac turn in his grave - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
[Outro: Kendrick Lamar & Whitney Alford] Funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk We want the funk We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk Do you want the funk? We want the funk Do you want the funk? We want the funk Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it? We want the funk - King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar
I did a lot of dumb shit in my past Lord forgive me, hoping I don't relapse - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
That's a relay race with a bouquet - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
I'm always ready for a war again (A war again) - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
As blood rush my favorite vein Heartbeat racing like a junkie's I just need you to want me Am I asking too much? - LUST. by Kendrick Lamar
Nail a nigga to the cross, he walk around like Teezo - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
I never wanna hear you chase a man 'cause it's feral behavior Sittin' in the club with sugar daddies for validation You need to know that love is eternity and trumps all pain - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
Take off the foo-foo, take off the clout chase, take off the Wi-Fi - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Three degrees low, make it hot for me, drop that - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Wastin' my time and energy tryna be good to you Lost friends, family, gained more enemies 'cause of you Bitches starin' at me at Zara, hoes scratchin' my cars up Shoulda followed my mind in '09 and just moved to Georgia - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
I ran out of tears when I was eighteen So nobody made me but the main streets 'Cause too many people think they made me Well, if they really made me, then replace me - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Mother cried, put they hands on her, it was family ties - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
You'll be dead after we get what we after If Liz call you daddy, she 'bout to be a bastard, oh - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
like ya involved Like a rebound, - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Learn shit 'bout bein' a man and disguise it as bein' gangsta - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
Serafina, flame in us - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Thirty millions later, know the feds watchin' Auntie on my Telegram like, "Be cautious!" - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Drop it, cop it, eyes locked on your inner object - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Enemies shook my hand, I can promise I'll meet you In the land where no equal is your equal - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
Now I was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
I'm a savage, I'm a asshole, I’m a king - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
How many times she gotta tell you that dick is disposable? But if she fuck a young nigga like me, it's over for you - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Is it wickedness? Is it weakness? You decide Are we gonna live or die? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
(To you) - u by Kendrick Lamar
Who could reach us? Only God could teleport this type of freedom - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Say, say, say - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Feel like I'm headed for the padded cell, the - Greatest by Eminem
And as far as real friends, tell all my cousins I love 'em Even the one that stole the laptop, you dirty motherfucker - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Quid pro quo, somethin' for somethin', that's the obvious - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
What's up, family? Yeah, it’s your cousin Carl, man, just givin' you a call, man I know you been havin' a lot on yo' mind lately And I know you feel like, you know People ain't been prayin' for you But you have to understand this, man, that we are a cursed people Deuteronomy 28:28 says, "The Lord shall smite thee with madness And blindness, and astonishment of heart" See, family, that's why you feel like you feel Like you got a chip on your shoulder Until you follow His commandments, you gonna feel that way... - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Goddamn, I feel amazin', damn, I'm in the Matrix - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
But that's the culture, crack a bottle Hard to deal with the pain when you're sober - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
I mean, I write poems in these songs, dedicated to the fun sex - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Stutter steppin', got a Hall of Fame in all my posters - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Bought a couple of mansions, just for practice Five hundred in jewelry, chain was magic Never had it in public, late reaction - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Three degrees low, make it hot for me, drop that - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Think I might be about to bust her, bust her (Ah!) - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I'm not involved, I'd rather diss 'em I'd rather call on you, put your wall up 'Cause when I come around, demolition gon' crush - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Lee Baca on trial tryna portray a boxer Beatin' up on my niggas while the CO's watch him - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
We was in the hood, fourteen with the deuce-deuce - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
Take off your idols, take off the runway, I take off to Cairo (Take that shit off) Take off to Saint-Tropez, five-day stay, take a quarter mil', hell if I know (Take that shit off) - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Why you trollin' like a bitch? Ain't you tired? Tryna strike a chord and it's probably A minor - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
I don't really say this often But this long-dick nigga ain't for the long talkin' - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
Now POV of you and me, similar Iraq I don't hate you, but I hate to critique, overrate you These beats of a dark heart, use basslines to replace you Take time and erase you, love don't hear no more - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Sincerely, yours truly, and right before you go blind, PS - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Put the Bible down and go eye for an eye for this shit - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
Dear Lord, come save me, the devil's working hard He probably clockin' double shifts on all of his jobs - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
[Bridge: Anna Wise] Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you Sing my song, it's all for you - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
You seen my trigger finger, then I started shootin' That was nicotine, I'm 'bout to smoke 'em all And journalists involved, you shoulda known my music - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Soon as I press that button Nigga better get right like the ambulance comin' - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, lil'— hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil’— sit down, lil’ bitch) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch) Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil’ bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil'—) Sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil'— sit down, lil’ bitch) Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch) Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch) Be humble (Hold up, bitch) Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up) - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm a Crip, homie (Yeah) I'm where them Bloods, where them Locs at (Locs at) - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
You can have all my shine, I'll give you the light - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Gotta fire my joint up on this bitch - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
But when the shit get brackin', don't you ask for me How many leaders gon' tell you the truth after me? - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
Bilal - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
We talk casually about the industry And how the women be the tastemakers for the shit we makin' - Buried Alive Interlude by Drake (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar] - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
No, you not a colleague, you a fuckin' colonizer - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
Mass destruction and mass corruption, the souls of sufferin' men Clutchin' on deaf ears again, rapture's comin' It's all prophecy and if I gotta be Sacrificed for the greater good, then that's what it gotta be - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Be at all the shows everybody be like, bitch - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I thought it was snowing, but I’m just the coldest nigga out here flowin' - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
What money got to do with it When I don't know the full definition of a rap image? - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
Everything in life is a gamble Nothin' in life I can't handle Seen it all, done it all, felt pain more For the cause, I done put blood on sword - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
K-Dot, get in the car, nigga Come on, we finna roll out Nigga, I got a pack of Blacks and a beat CD Get your freestyles ready - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Hello to the big stepper, never losin' count - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, I'm on a roll, and I put that on the gang - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
Girl, I can buy your ass the world with my paystub - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm free to be the greatest, I'm alive I'm free to be the greatest here tonight, the greatest The greatest, the greatest alive The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
To all my niggas that's gon' fuck around and die today Take our hats off, bow our heads and let us pray, just wanna say - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Let's speak on percentage, show me your splits, I'll make sure I double back with ya - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
Because you make me live forever, baby Count it all together, baby Then hit the register and make me feel better, baby Your horoscope is a Gemini, two sides So you better cop everything two times Two coupes, two chains, two C-notes Too much ain't enough, both we know Christmas, tell 'em what's on your wish list Get it all, you deserve it, Kendrick - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
I wanna rock, I wanna rock I wanna cop more land, I never stop I wanna quick advance on a bill if it ain't one Break everything, I'm a hustler, came from - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar] - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah Buzzin', radars is buzzin' Yah, yah, yah, yah Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
Bilal - These Walls by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Thundercat)
Niggas from the bottom really like that (If you like that) - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
[Part I] - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
I'ma riot, I'ma riot through your borders Call me bulletproof - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Clique so deep we take up the whole street - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
"Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, boy Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga Oh now, slow down" - Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise, Bilal & Snoop Dogg)
This shit is vital, I know you had to, this shit is vital, I know you had to - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar] - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
If I told you who I am, would you use it against me? - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Don't ask for your favorite rapper (He dead), yes, sir (Amen), church (He dead), I killed him (Amen), bitch - Rigamortis by Kendrick Lamar
Love or lust, regardless, we'll fuck 'cause the trife in us It's deep-rooted, the music of bein' young and dumb Is never muted, in fact, it's much louder where I'm from - Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter by Kendrick Lamar
D-O-T, the money, power, respect The last one is better - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
they vandalizin' the option - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
Serafina, flame in us - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
My auntie is a man now I think I'm old enough to understand now - Auntie Diaries by Kendrick Lamar
Homicidal thoughts, Donald Trump's in office We lost Barack and promised to never doubt him again - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
You ain't shit without a ticket on your plate - DNA. by Kendrick Lamar
I hope the universe love you today 'Cause the energy we bringin' sure to carry away A flock of positive activists that fill they body with hate If it's necessary; - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
You the reason, we overlooked, underpaid, under-booked, under shame - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
My visa, passport tatted, I should hub in Ibiza - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Take off the Chanel, take off the Dolce, take off the Birkin bag (Take it off) Take all that designer bullshit off, and what do you have? - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
But head is the answer Head is the future - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
I feel like the whole world want me to pray for 'em But who the fuck prayin' for me? - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed - u by Kendrick Lamar
'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! Now we've got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! - Bad Blood (Remix) by Taylor Swift (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Is it unconditional when the 'Rari don't start? - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
Hennessy and Crown Vic, my memory been gone since - Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar
You could touch the booty if you like, I ain't trippin' on ya (Such a nice girl, SZA) - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You hate me, don't you? You hate my people, your plan is to terminate my culture - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
Leader of the new school - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
An M is my minimum wage - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Soprano C, we like to keep it on a high note It's levels to it, you and I know - HUMBLE. by Kendrick Lamar
Ride on me like your Pac got me thinkin' it's '96 - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Oh yeah, oh yeah, mo' cars, mo' lears Mo' bars, no peers, no scars, no fear—fuck y'all, sincere I heard the whispers, I curved the whispers - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
All of your presidents' evil thirst - United in Grief by Kendrick Lamar
Granddaddy had the golden flask - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Everything else, but doubt - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
The feelin' is toxic, I feel like I'm boxin' demons Monsters, false prophets schemin' Sponsors, industry promises - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
Where is she takin' me? - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
I'ma wade, I'ma wave through your shallow love Tell the deep I'm new - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
So give me a run for my money - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
What that nigga— what's that Jeezy song say, nigga? "Last time I checked I was the man on these streets!" Yeah, yeah, that shit right there I'm tryna be the nigga in the street - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
circlin' parking lots and parking spots And hoppin' out while harrassin' the corner blocks Crooked cops told Anthony he should kick it - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
The first in the projects with the two-tone Mustang, that 5.0 thing They say 5-0 came - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Potato over my gun I move in silence 'cause niggas be clocking my funds - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Man, I swear my nigga trippin' off that shit again Pick him up, then I set him in cold water Then I order someone to bring him Vicodin Hope that take the pain away From the feelin' that he feel today - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care In another life, I surely was there Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care I care, I care - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
but if we never grow up Then I wish you good luck on the seats thats inside this Porsche - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Dreams of livin' life like rappers do (Like rappers do, like rappers do) Bump that new E-40 after school (Way after school, way after school) You know, "Big Ballin' With My Homies" (My homies) Earl Stevens had us thinkin' rational (Thinkin' rational, that's rational) - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
That pussy should only be holding exclusive rights to me - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Because it's spirits, we ain't even really rappin' We just letting our dead homies tell stories for us (Damn) - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
World in my palms, ironically I am the Globetrotters' best 'cause I didn't drop the ball - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
I can smell the articles and know you're heinous - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Everybody put three fingers in the air - HiiiPoWeR by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch nigga, come and see me - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
No more parties in L.A. Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh No more parties in L.A. Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh No more (Los Angeles) - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The fire burnin' through the plastic - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
I got this fire burnin' in me from within Concentrated thoughts on who I used to be, I'm sheddin' skin Every day, a new version of me, a third of me demented, cemented in pain - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
Aight, well, how long will you think it take before niggas be like "We fighting a war, I'm fighting a war I can't win And I wanna lay it all down" - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Huh, how many ways am I killing 'em? Shit, right around a billion - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
broken promises Kept my focus anonymous till I dealt with the consequence The greatest, the latest mogul, you know what time it is - untitled 07 | 2014-2016 by Kendrick Lamar
Huh Huh, huh - tv off by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Lefty Gunplay)
I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk, I hate the way that you dress - euphoria by Kendrick Lamar
[Produced by No I.D.] - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
How many niggas get mistaken for clitoris in a day? How many sentiments you make before runnin' pussy away? - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Hurry up and get your muscle up, we out the plyometric - tv off by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Lefty Gunplay)
Drop it, cop it, eyes locked on your inner object - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!) And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!) And I run it (Yeah! Blow!) And I run it (Yeah! Blow!) - Cartoon & Cereal by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Gunplay)
Critics are really the enemy and I Can't stand the way they slam today's gifted - Fragile by Tech N9ne (Ft. Kendall Morgan, Kendrick Lamar & ¡MAYDAY!)
Told you that I'm on the way I'm like a exit away, yep - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Top billin', that’s a million a show - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
Black as brown, hazelnut, cinnamon, black tea And it's all beautiful to me - Complexion (A Zulu Love) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rapsody)
This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga - m.A.A.d city by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. MC Eiht)
Clear, fuck your career, bitch, I was born here - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
Pussy good enough, it got him sinning in the walls And he digging in it like he living in it, make a new religion with it Man, a nigga 'bout to go against God - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Part II: "I'm Dying of Thirst"] - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Hard times like, "Yah" Bad trips like, "Yah" Nazareth I'm fucked up, homie, you fucked up But if God got us, then we gon' be alright - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
Toupée drop and her two tits pop Out of that tank top and bra - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Where was your antennas? On the road, bottles and bitches You FaceTimed him one time, that's unforgiven - u by Kendrick Lamar
[Verse 3: Jay Rock] - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
Tell me who's gon' save me from myself When this life is all I know - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
Is it anything and everything you hoped for? (Anything, oh, oh, this) Or do the feeling haunt you? (Haunt; haunt, haunt) I know the feeling haunt you (Haunt) - All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
Eight doobies to the face, fuck that Twelve bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that Two pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Don't tell a lie on me I won’t tell the truth 'bout you Don't tell a lie on me I won't tell the truth 'bout you - The Heart Part 4 by Kendrick Lamar
I know He walks the Earth But it's money to get, bitches to hit, yah Zeroes to flip, temptation is, yah First on my list, I can't resist, yah Everyone together now, know that we forever— - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
What side of my city I claim I try to stay in my lane Took my advance and put a Caprice on them thangs I'm Beatties Ford ’til the wheels fall - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
It's only replaced by a rubber substitute - Doves in the Wind by SZA (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Bitch, all my grandmas dead So ain't nobody prayin' for me, I'm on your head, ayy - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
I can admit that it did look like yours - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe by Kendrick Lamar
Tell Floyd to enjoy his newborn seed I'll have whatever he needs, - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Directed by Alexandre Moors and the Little Homies] - i (Album Version) by Kendrick Lamar
I hope I'm not too late To set my demons straight I know I made you wait But how much can you take? I hope you see the God in me I hope you can see And if it's up, stay down for me Yeah - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Is it wickedness? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
I'm established, hundred carats on my name Run the atlas, I’m a natural, I'm alright - LOYALTY. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Rihanna)
I know He walks the Earth But it's money to get, bitches to hit, yah Zeroes to flip, temptation is, yah First on my list, I can't resist, yah Everyone together now, know that we forever— - YAH. by Kendrick Lamar
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss New Orleans and then Miami, party in New York Texas, I be screwed up, Chi-Town, I be really pimpin' - The Recipe by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Dr. Dre)
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
Baby, you make me Pray for London Yeah 'Cause if I won it all without you involved (Fucking love you) I guess it's all for nothing - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Kenny, I ain't trippin' off them dominoes anymore. Just calling, sorry to hear what happened to your homeboy, - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
So I was takin' a walk the other day And I seen a woman—a blind woman Pacin' up and down the sidewalk She seemed to be a bit frustrated As if she had dropped somethin' and Havin' a hard time findin' it So after watchin' her struggle for a while I decide to go over and lend a helping hand, you know? "Hello, ma'am, can I be of any assistance? It seems to me that you have lost something I would like to help you find it" She replied, "Oh, yes, you have lost something You've lost… your life" - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
In my mama's sofa was a doo-doo popper Hair trigger, walk up closer, ain't no Photoshoppin' - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
And keep a tin of beans for when the weather turn the coldest - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
[Verse 2] - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
'Less you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date though - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Intro] - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
Baby, you make me Pray for London Yeah 'Cause if I won it all without you involved (Fucking love you) I guess it's all for nothing - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Bounce out, know he spook town, eyes dilated - squabble up by Kendrick Lamar
Conspiracies about Cash, dog? That's not even the leak Find the jewels like Kash Doll, I just need you to think - 6:16 in LA by Kendrick Lamar
I picked you up when you Fell and cut your knee Told you not to cry and held you Close to me - Die Hard by Kendrick Lamar, Blxst & Amanda Reifer
Don’t judge! Don't judge me! Now my home got a Valley peak - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Common sense, I'm a dollar short and a day late - Greatest by Eminem
Is it wickedness? - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
"20 on 6," he didn't hear me Indigenous African only spoke Zulu My American tongue was leery - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
[Outro Skit: Lil Cole] - Forbidden Fruit by J. Cole (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Weekends, get it poppin' on the low - luther by Kendrick Lamar & SZA
I promise that I'll use my gifts to bring understanding For every man, woman and child, how much can you vow? - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
Black Pendleton ball cap (West, west, west) - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
You know what? Fuck you, bitch (Fuck you, nigga) Fuck you, bitch (Nah, fuck you, nigga) No, fuck you, bitch (Nah, fuck you, nigga) Fuck you, bitch (Fuck you, I'm sick of this nigga) Fuck you (Fuck you), fuck you (Fuck you), fuck you Fuck you, bi— (Fuck you) Fuck you, bitch, stupid-ass bitch - We Cry Together by Kendrick Lamar & Taylour Paige
You feel some type of way, then a-ha! - GOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Uh-uh, fuck that - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
Tell me who's gon' save me from myself When this life is all I know - Pray For Me by The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar
He was once a thug from around the way - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
In my mama's sofa was a doo-doo popper Hair trigger, walk up closer, ain't no Photoshoppin' - The Heart Part 5 by Kendrick Lamar
So the iceberg never broke And I poked at it, and I poked at it, and I poked at it, and I poked (And I poked) And I poked at it, - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
The juggernaut's all in your jugular, you take me for jokes - Control by Big Sean (Ft. Jay Electronica & Kendrick Lamar)
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Skit] - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
I can be your advocate - Momma by Kendrick Lamar
Any nigga can kill a man, that don't make you a real nigga. - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
[Verse: Kendrick Lamar] - For Free? (Interlude) by Kendrick Lamar
Eight blocks left, death is around the corner - Freedom by Beyoncé (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I don't think I could find a way to make it on this earth - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Talked to my lawyer, told me not to be so hard on myself He has an aura, I hope to achieve, if I find some help - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
What side of my city I claim I try to stay in my lane Took my advance and put a Caprice on them thangs I'm Beatties Ford ’til the wheels fall - Under the Sun by Dreamville, J. Cole & Lute (Ft. DaBaby)
Radioactive's goin' gold And so? Great! Do I give a flying duck If I'm applyin' love to my rhymin' plus alignin' us? - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
you know me well Ridiculous, venomous, hate in my heart, the sinister Run for cover, my lineage prove itself - Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it? - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Pull up drop top with a eater (Skrrt) Two seater (Skrrt) - New Freezer by Rich The Kid (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Who gives a fuck? We never do listen 'Less it comes with an 808 (A melody and some hoes) - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
like I'm Kenny Lofton Outstandin', I fixed the game between Georgia Southern and Gramblin' - 1Train by A$AP Rocky (Ft. Action Bronson, Big K.R.I.T., Danny Brown, Joey Bada$$, Kendrick Lamar & Yelawolf)
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself? - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
We ain't got no time to waste Poppin' your gum on the way (Love me) Am I in the way? I don't wan' pressure you none I want your blessing today (Love me) - LOVE. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Zacari)
Who doing the drums? Man put that nigga on the drums man - ​untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. by Kendrick Lamar
Now tell my mama I love her, but this what I like, Lord knows Twenty of 'em in my Chevy, tell 'em all to come and get me Reapin' everything I sow, so my karma comin' heavy No preliminary hearings on my record I'm a motherfuckin' gangster in silence for the record, uh - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
You're living in a world that come with plan B 'Cause plan A never relay a guarantee And plan C never could say just what it was - Real by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Anna Wise)
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams] - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
Everybody else basic, you live life on an everyday basis - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Take off the foo-foo, take off the clout chase, take off the Wi-Fi - N95 by Kendrick Lamar
[Produced by Rick Rubin] - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist - A.D.H.D by Kendrick Lamar
I'll prolly die at these house parties, fuckin' with bitches I'll prolly die from witnesses leavin' me falsed accused - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
[Refrain: Thundercat & George Clinton] - Wesley's Theory by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. George Clinton & Thundercat)
Parasites in my stomach keep me with a gut feeling, y'all Gotta see how I'm chillin' once I park this luxury car Hopping out feeling big as Mutombo - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Say, say, say - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I feel like you're the only reason for it - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
circlin' parking lots and parking spots And hoppin' out while harrassin' the corner blocks Crooked cops told Anthony he should kick it - DUCKWORTH. by Kendrick Lamar
Yeah, yeah Tell me, when thugs cry, do you hear 'em, Lord? (Ooh-ooh) Do you hear 'em, Lord? Do you hear 'em? - Autumn Leaves by Chris Brown (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Never grow to see the pearly gates, - Blessed by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I was absent - King's Dead by Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake
I got animosity buildin', it's prob'ly big as a buildin' - ​good kid by Kendrick Lamar
tell me, do that sound familiar? If it do, then you're like me - Swimming Pools (Drank) by Kendrick Lamar
Fucked on Wayne girl while he was in jail, that's connivin' Then get his face tatted like a bitch apologizin' - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
I chip a nigga lil' bit of nothin' I chip a nigga lil' bit of nothin' I chip a nigga lil' bit of nothin' I chip a nigga, then throw the blower in his lap Walk myself to the court like, "Bitch, I did that X-rated" - XXX. by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. U2)
it don't make sense - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
look at the coroner, uh Daughter is dead, uh, mother is mournin' her, uh - Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst by Kendrick Lamar
Ain't nobody but the mirror lookin' for the fall off (Brrrt) - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way - Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Jay Rock)
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you - Love Game by Eminem (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I wanna tell you that you're loved, you're brave, you're kind - meet the grahams by Kendrick Lamar
bring more of them coffins - U.O.E.N.O. by Black Hippy (Ft. Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q)
Please everybody else but myself - Count Me Out by Kendrick Lamar
I keep my head up high I cross my heart and hope to die Lovin' me is complicated Too afraid of a lot of changes I'm alright, and you're a favorite Dark nights in my prayers - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
Twenty-carat ring, I put my fingers down her throat (Uh, uh, uh) If I lose a carat, she might choke (Uh, uh, uh) - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Smokin' on top fives - family ties by Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar
Niggas actin' bad, but somebody gotta do it Got my foot up on the gas, but somebody gotta do it - tv off by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Lefty Gunplay)
This courtesy of Compton (Courtesy of Compton) Brooklyn go hard, motherfucker - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
Got pussy from beats I did for niggas more famous When did I become A-list? I wasn't even on a list - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Roll they ass up like a fresh pack of 'za, ayy City is back up, it's a must, we outside, ayy - Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar
This is post-traumatic Black families and a sodomy, today is still active So I set free myself from all the guilt that I thought I made So I set free my mother all the hurt that she titled shame So I set free my cousin, chaotic for my mother's pain I hope Hykeem made you proud 'cause you ain't die in vain So I set free the power of Whitney, may she heal us all So I set free our children, may good karma keep them with God So I set free the hearts filled with hatred, keep our bodies sacred As I set free all you abusers, this is transformation - Mother I Sober by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Beth Gibbons)
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours - Backseat Freestyle by Kendrick Lamar
Bitch, all my grandmas dead So ain't nobody prayin' for me, I'm on your head, ayy - ELEMENT. by Kendrick Lamar
No more shiners, already too much time took And rappers I hear you talkin' shit I'm just too big to respond to it God forbid I forget though, and jump out the window Somebody better child-proof it (Yeah) - Greatest by Eminem
Freeband nigga, bring the racks in - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
You really need some therapy - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
Shalom - FEAR. by Kendrick Lamar
Better yet, where your friends and 'em? I really wanna know you all - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Niggas mad 'cause I decided not to pretend Y'all stay politically correct, I'ma do what I did - wacced out murals by Kendrick Lamar
That sound like poetic justice, poetic justice - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
Picture lil' ole me Giving a fuck - Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. JAY-Z)
[Chorus: James Fauntleroy] - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
Uh, yeah, ho, this the finale - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
So I was takin' a walk the other day And I seen a woman—a blind woman Pacin' up and down the sidewalk She seemed to be a bit frustrated As if she had dropped somethin' and Havin' a hard time findin' it So after watchin' her struggle for a while I decide to go over and lend a helping hand, you know? "Hello, ma'am, can I be of any assistance? It seems to me that you have lost something I would like to help you find it" She replied, "Oh, yes, you have lost something You've lost… your life" - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
Happiness or flashiness? How do you serve the question? - PRIDE. by Kendrick Lamar
They say the truth ain't pretty But coming from that pretty mouth, the truth is fitting - Stay Ready (What a Life) by Jhené Aiko (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
I feel like a chip on my shoulders - FEEL. by Kendrick Lamar
My first assistant was a small town scholar - reincarnated by Kendrick Lamar
(Just ridin', just ridin') Me and the homies (Bullshittin', actin' a fool) Me and the homies (Trippin', really trippin') Me and the homies (Just ridin', just ridin', just ridin') - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
Lamar stated his views on police brutality With that line in the song, quote "And we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'" Oh, please, ugh, I don't like it - BLOOD. by Kendrick Lamar
It's such a shame, they may call me crazy They may say I suffer from schizophrenia or somethin' But homie, you made me (You, you, you, you, you) Black don't crack, my nigga - The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar
connect the dots - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Make good with the friend, and I'm all jazzy Britney with the twin and the girl, Ashley Found out that I fucked, he was unhappy Bitch, I never let the bullshit get past me - Mona Lisa by Lil Wayne (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
A shot of Hennessy didn't make me feel that bad - The Art of Peer Pressure by Kendrick Lamar
He looked at me and said, "Know the truth, it'll set you free You're lookin' at the Messiah, the son of Jehovah, the higher power The choir that spoke the word, the Holy Spirit The nerve of Nazareth, and I'll tell you just how much a dollar cost - How Much a Dollar Cost by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. James Fauntleroy & Ronald Isley)
"¡Disculpe!" - u by Kendrick Lamar
No more "please, stop" No more hashtag boo'd up screenshots No more tryin' to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I made you better on your birthday, oh Do he do you like this? Do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch your poona like this? Matter fact, never mind, we'll let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still me, woah - Don't Wanna Know by Maroon 5 (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Gettin' money on a vacay (Hey) - THat Part (Black Hippy Remix) by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Black Hippy)
by my faith in the game - Mortal Man by Kendrick Lamar
Pat Dawg, Pat Dawg, Pat Dawg, my dog, that's all Bick back and Chad, I trap the bag for y'all - Alright by Kendrick Lamar
I'm free to be the greatest, I'm alive I'm free to be the greatest here tonight, the greatest The greatest, the greatest alive - The Greatest by Sia (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
(Icky-icky, icky-icky) - Collard Greens by ScHoolboy Q (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
Say, say, say - Sidewalks by The Weeknd (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
[Chorus: Future & Kendrick Lamar] - Like That by Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar
Scary, scary No more parties in L.A. Please, baby, no more parties in L.A. - No More Parties in LA by Kanye West (Ft. Kendrick Lamar)
You really need some therapy - Father Time by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Sampha)
Yeah, I know you heard things Nobody really likes us except for us Yeah, all I ever needed was the squad so that's what's up - 6 God by Drake
I can't get over you You left your mark on me I want your hot love and emotion endlessly - Hold On, We're Going Home by Drake (Ft. Majid Jordan)
This a Rollie, not a stopwatch, shit don't ever stop - Nonstop by Drake
Only thing you got is some years on me Man fuck you and your time difference - Pop That by French Montana (Ft. Drake, Lil Wayne & Rick Ross)
[Chorus: Rihanna] - All of the Lights by Kanye West
Alisha, Catya, I know that you gon' hear this - Shot for Me by Drake
Bitches lovin' my drive, I never give it a break - 5AM in Toronto by Drake
Our relationship changed that, or it never existed - Jungle by Drake
They should call me James Cause I'm goin' hard in this bitch - My Way (Remix) by Fetty Wap (Ft. Drake)
On the Eastside of the city, that's where everybody stay - The Motion by Drake (Ft. Sampha)
Been Baka aka Not Nice from time, G Been a East Side ting Scarborough ting from time, G Been have up di ting dem from time, G So I don't know what's wrong with these Little wasteman out here, eh? Y'all need to know yourself - From Time by Drake (Ft. Jhené Aiko)
Girl, I see you - Recognize by PARTYNEXTDOOR (Ft. Drake)
Damn, this shit could go on a tape - 5AM in Toronto by Drake
Who's hot, who not? Tell me, who rock, who sell out in stores? You tell me who flop, who copped the new drop Whose jewels got rocks - Worst Behavior by Drake
You'd think I'm Egyptian, this gold on my body - Versace (Remix) by Migos (Ft. Drake)
I think I'm the don but no Rocco - Versace (Remix) by Migos (Ft. Drake)
We the ones poppin', we the ones shoppin' (21) - Sneakin' by Drake (Ft. 21 Savage)
And I won't ever rest, we meet at the peak of your mountain - Diced Pineapples by Rick Ross (Ft. Drake & Wale)
Yeah, paranoid, always rolling with my mothafuckin' boys But you gotta understand when it's yours They don't really leave your ass with a mothafuckin' choice, man - Wu-Tang Forever by Drake
This the bark with the bite, nigga, what's up? - Push Ups by Drake
Don't go ghost on me, I'ma go "Thriller" on you I'ma just (Pull up on you) - Mine by Beyoncé (Ft. Drake)
Leavin' me to ask what's their motive in makin' peace - Emotionless by Drake
Peakin', I'm peakin' - Own It by Drake
How many girls have slept in this bed? Say a different number than the one that's in my head Lying to protect you, I be doing that a lot - Child's Play by Drake
Leavin' You're just doing that to get even Don't pick up the pieces, just leave it for now They keep fallin' apart - Passionfruit by Drake
Listen Harder buildin' trust from a distance I think we should rule out commitment for now 'Cause we're fallin' apart - Passionfruit by Drake
That's the man that put me in this shit - Believe Me by Lil Wayne (Ft. Drake)
Jheeze! - Controlla by Drake
I'm not sure what it was that really made y'all mad But I guess this is what I gotta do to make y'all rap - Back To Back by Drake
Please, think before you come for the great one Please, who's a real nigga and who ain't one? - Back To Back by Drake
Somewhere between psychotic and iconic Somewhere between I want it and I got it Somewhere between I'm sober and I'm lifted Somewhere between a mistress and commitment - Furthest Thing by Drake
Your baby daddy won't even take your daughter shoppin' - Facts (Charlie Heat Version) by Kanye West
Would you fuck me for free? - For Free by DJ Khaled (Ft. Drake)
And do it major like the niggas who paved the way for us - Pound Cake / Paris Morton Music 2 by Drake (Ft. JAY-Z)
Your brother said it was your cousin, then him, then you So, you don't rap what you did, you just rap what you knew Don't be ashamed, it's plenty niggas that do what you do There's no malice in your heart, you're an approachable dude - Duppy Freestyle by Drake
I swear to God, niggas talk more than bitches these days - Own It by Drake
One of my closest dawgs got three kids and they all three But we always been that type of crew that been good without a plan B, so - Pop That by French Montana (Ft. Drake, Lil Wayne & Rick Ross)
Soap-opera rappers, all these niggas sound like all my children - Headlines by Drake
Ba-Ba-Baby This is something you should know I don't ever chase no hoes I spotted you, you had that glo Watch me pull out all this dough Take you where you want to go Flexin' on your ex, I know He ain't ever take you out Barely even left your house How dare that nigga run his mouth When his pockets in a drought The last single he put out Didn't even make it out And he dumb as hell and I swear his ass don't think, ayy - My Way (Remix) by Fetty Wap (Ft. Drake)
Guess she don't have the time to kick it no more - Marvins Room by Drake
Got a lot of blood and it's cold They keep tryna get me for my soul - I'm Upset by Drake
Say my name, say my name When no one is around you Say, "Baby, I love you" If you ain't running games Say my name, say my name You actin' kinda shady, baby Why the sudden change? Say my name Say my name Say my name Say my name, say my name If no one is around you - Girls Love Beyoncé by Drake (Ft. James Fauntleroy)
Kobe 'bout to lose a hundred fifty Ms - Stay Schemin' by Rick Ross (Ft. Drake & French Montana)
You used to call me on my cell phone Late-night when you need my love Call me on my cell phone Late-night when you need, my love - Hotline Bling by Drake
Pretty women, what's up? Is you here right now? You a stand-up or is you in your chair right now? Uh Do you hear me? I can't let a wack nigga get near me - Truffle Butter by Nicki Minaj (Ft. Drake & Lil Wayne)
Heard you livin' in a mansion in all your raps, though But your shit look like the trap on this Google Maps, though - Walk It Talk It by Migos (Ft. Drake)
And you're wasted with your latest Yeah, I'm the reason why you always gettin' faded - Shot for Me by Drake
The ones beneath me recognize the red bottoms I wear (Check it) - I’m On One by DJ Khaled (Ft. Drake, Lil Wayne & Rick Ross)
Racks by the ton, I call up Serena - Life Is Good by Future (Ft. Drake)
Ever since YouTube, niggas been callin' me the leader of the new school - No New Friends by DJ Khaled (Ft. Drake, Lil Wayne & Rick Ross)
I'm the only one that get the job done I don't know a nigga that could cover for me - Believe Me by Lil Wayne (Ft. Drake)
Niggas want my spot and don't deserve it I don't like how serious they take themselves - Know Yourself by Drake
[Verse 1: Drake] - Energy by Drake
And if we ball, catch us - No New Friends by DJ Khaled (Ft. Drake, Lil Wayne & Rick Ross)
You just like my sidekick, I just wanna ride, fulfill all your desires Keep you in the front, never in the back and never on the side, uh (Yeah) - Fire & Desire by Drake
then I hit you with the 9 a.m. in Dallas Who you like, baby, who you like? - Wu-Tang Forever by Drake
Last night we didn't say it But girl, we both thought it Why second guess? I should have stayed You say the word, I'm on the way - Teenage Fever by Drake
Money got my whole family going backwards No dinners, no holidays, no nothin' There's issues at hand that we're not discussin' - Too Much by Drake
Windy city, she blowin' me kisses, no Thirty degrees, way too cold, so hold me tight - Chicago Freestyle by Drake & GIVĒON
Pretty lil' thing, you got a bag and now you wildin' - No Guidance by Chris Brown (Ft. Drake)
I'm tryna give Halle Berry a baby and no one can stop me (smash!) - Versace (Remix) by Migos (Ft. Drake)
The passion in the flame is ignited, you can't put it out once we light it - Forever by Drake, Kanye West, Lil Wayne & Eminem
But you a piece of shit, so this shit really no coincidence - THE HEART PART 6 by Drake
Got a lot of blood and it's cold They keep tryna get me for my soul - I'm Upset by Drake
[Refrain: Drake] We might just get hit with the R.I.C.O We might just get hit with the R.I.C.O - R.I.C.O. by Meek Mill (Ft. Drake)
I used to always try and burn you CDs of my new shit You be like "who's this?" I be like "me, girl" You be like "oh, word, true shit?" Then ask if we could listen to Ludacris - How Bout Now by Drake
I stuck to my roots, I'm like Jimmy Fallon I ain't dropped the album but the shoes went platinum (Woo!) - Facts (Charlie Heat Version) by Kanye West
You just like my sidekick, I just wanna ride, fulfill all your desires Keep you in the front, never in the back and never on the side, uh (Yeah) - Fire & Desire by Drake
Silence keeps cloudin' me Hand on my heart And I, I wish time never mattered - Do Not Disturb by Drake
First off, I'ma start by sayin' this Goddamn, goddamn - My Way (Remix) by Fetty Wap (Ft. Drake)
My hooks did it, my lyrics did it My spirit did it, I'm fearless with it, yeah - Duppy Freestyle by Drake
FaceTime with my shawty on tour And she textin' purple hearts 'cause she know that we at war, yuh - Sneakin' by Drake (Ft. 21 Savage)
Everybody tryna fuck you but I'm fine with that shit I never mind, girl, that's just you - My Way (Remix) by Fetty Wap (Ft. Drake)
Know you see my texts, baby, please say some' - Life Is Good by Future (Ft. Drake)
Cash Money Records forever, I'm always big timin' - The Language by Drake
You got somebody other than me Don't play the victim when you're with me Free time is costing me more than it seems Sacrificing things - Too Good by Drake (Ft. Rihanna)
My city love me like a college running back - Child's Play by Drake
Skate and Smoke and Rap Now let me see you - In My Feelings by Drake
We had the type of nights where mornin' comes too soon And nothin' was the same - Come Thru by Drake
But when it comes to you, you - Controlla by Drake
I don't think I'm conscious of makin' monsters Outta the women I sponsor 'til it all goes bad But, shit, it's all good - Marvins Room by Drake
Champagne trippin', he is not fuckin' easin' up - Push Ups by Drake
My hooks did it, my lyrics did it My spirit did it, I'm fearless with it, yeah - Duppy Freestyle by Drake
Me and Chainz go way back - No Lie by 2 Chainz (Ft. Drake)
Tell her I apologize, happened over time - Headlines by Drake
I woulda helped you out that pit you fell in - No Frauds by Nicki Minaj, Drake & Lil Wayne
I learned Hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture - HYFR (Hell Ya Fucking Right) by Drake (Ft. Lil Wayne)
Heard they came through Magic City on a Monday Heard they had the club wild, it was star-studded - Jumpman by Drake & Future
Kiki, do you love me? Are you riding? Say you'll never ever leave from beside me 'Cause I want ya, and I need ya And I'm down for you always KB, do you love me? Are you riding? Say you'll never ever leave from beside me 'Cause I want ya, and I need ya And I'm down for you always - In My Feelings by Drake
Greystone, 20 bottles that's all me - Pop That by French Montana (Ft. Drake, Lil Wayne & Rick Ross)
Look, you know I'm a rider, nothin' left to hide Your other nigga tired Talk about you like you never leave his side But I don't really buy it - Fire & Desire by Drake
Moment I stop having fun with it, I'll be done with it - Too Much by Drake
Had to slop the top off, it's just a roof, uh - SICKO MODE by Travis Scott (Ft. Drake)
[Chorus] - Legend by Drake
This shit is crazy, my nigga I mean brazy, my nigga - Only by Nicki Minaj (Ft. Chris Brown, Drake & Lil Wayne)
Or they go to Georgia State where Tuition is handled by some random nigga that live in Atlanta That she only see when she feels obligated - HYFR (Hell Ya Fucking Right) by Drake (Ft. Lil Wayne)
Strength and guidance All that I'm wishing for my friends - One Dance by Drake (Ft. Kyla & Wizkid)
If findin' somebody real is your fuckin' problem - Fuckin' Problems by A$AP Rocky (Ft. 2 Chainz, Drake & Kendrick Lamar)
'Cause one of us goes in and we all go through it (Ayy) - Headlines by Drake
You and the music were the only things that I'd commit to I never cheated, for the record, back when I was with you But you believed in everything but me, girl, I don't get you - Shot for Me by Drake
I'm the one they tell yah been reppin' in the 6 - Believe Me by Lil Wayne (Ft. Drake)
So cry if you need to, but I can't stay to watch you That's the wrong thing to do Touch if you need to, but I can't stay to hold you That's the wrong thing to do Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you That's the wrong thing to do - Doing It Wrong by Drake (Ft. Stevie Wonder)
(All of the lights), lights Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights) - All of the Lights by Kanye West
[Chorus: Jennifer Lopez] If you had my love And I gave you all my trust Would you comfort me? And if somehow you knew That your love would be untrue Would you lie to me? If you had my love And I gave you all my trust Would you comfort me? And if somehow you knew That your love would be untrue Would you lie to me? - Teenage Fever by Drake
Don't push me when I'm in album mode - Duppy Freestyle by Drake
And shout to all my boss bitches wifin' niggas Make sure you hit him with the prenup Then tell that man to ease up - Back To Back by Drake
I might be too strung out on compliments Overdosed on confidence Started not to give a fuck and stopped fearin' the consequence - Headlines by Drake
My heart belongs to you Whatever you need, there's nothin' I won't do Whatever you need, there's nothin' I won't do Whatever you need, there's nothin' I won't do Whatever you need, there's nothin' I won't do - How Bout Now by Drake
Ba-Ba-Baby This is something you should know I don't ever chase no hoes I spotted you, you had that glo Watch me pull out all this dough Take you where you want to go Flexin' on your ex, I know He ain't ever take you out Barely even left your house How dare that nigga run his mouth When his pockets in a drought The last single he put out Didn't even make it out And he dumb as hell and I swear his ass don't think, ayy - My Way (Remix) by Fetty Wap (Ft. Drake)
Tell Adidas that we need a million in production - Facts (Charlie Heat Version) by Kanye West
'Cause that truth hurts and those lies heal And you can't sleep thinkin' that he lies still - Take Care by Drake (Ft. Rihanna)
Local club in my city, I fell in love with a stripper - Pop That by French Montana (Ft. Drake, Lil Wayne & Rick Ross)
I need someone different - Doing It Wrong by Drake (Ft. Stevie Wonder)
I don't even know what things are looking like inside of your place Or how it's decorated This thing is gettin' one-sided, I can't even lie to you right now Yeah - Come and See Me by PARTYNEXTDOOR (Ft. Drake)
And like a pot luck, you need to come with it, don't run from it - Too Much by Drake
I know I'ma get my bitch back, woah - Jumpman by Drake & Future
(If you broadcast swag, nigga, we the news in your city) - Crew Love by Drake (Ft. The Weeknd)
When I see potential, I just gotta see it through - Work by Rihanna (Ft. Drake)
I be hittin' all the spots that you ain't even know was there - Best I Ever Had by Drake
They actin' like it's so aggressive, but you just never known affection I don't wanna diss you anymore, this really got me second-guessin' - THE HEART PART 6 by Drake
I'm not new to this, I'm not new, I'm not new - 6 God by Drake
Say I never struggled, wasn't hungry, yeah, I doubt it - Started from the Bottom by Drake
I'm too good to you I'm way too good to you You take my love for granted I just don't understand it No, I'm too good to you I'm way too good to you You take my love for granted I just don't understand it - Too Good by Drake (Ft. Rihanna)
'Cause that truth hurts and those lies heal And you can't sleep thinkin' that he lies still - Take Care by Drake (Ft. Rihanna)
I'm not new to this, I'm not new, I'm not new - 6 God by Drake
And they want to see me pick back up, well, where'd I leave it at? - Headlines by Drake
And my daughter right there getting home-schooled, I'm blessed And I was thinking 'bout starting up my own school, a Montessori - Blessings by Big Sean (Ft. Drake & Kanye West)
Shout out to Uncle Luke (Huh) - Pop That by French Montana (Ft. Drake, Lil Wayne & Rick Ross)
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes You know how that shit go You know how that shit go You know how that shit go Runnin' through the 6 with my woes You know how that shit go You know how that shit go You know how that shit go - Know Yourself by Drake
Tell me who dissin', I got some things that'll hit the culprit Them strep throat flows, them shits to stop all of the talkin' - Tuscan Leather by Drake
Another one (Another one, another one) We the Best Music! (Music, music) Major Key! (Major Key) DJ Khaled! - For Free by DJ Khaled (Ft. Drake)
All I'm really askin' for is you - Mine by Beyoncé (Ft. Drake)
Yeah, lot of Murakami in the hallway (What?) - Going Bad by Meek Mill (Ft. Drake)
This year I'm eatin' your food And my table got so many plates on it (so many!) (damn!) - Versace (Remix) by Migos (Ft. Drake)
I hear everybody talkin' 'bout what they gon' be I got high hopes for you niggas, we gon' see - Energy by Drake
Boys tell stories 'bout the man - Started from the Bottom by Drake
Way up north, packed in Honda cars They don't know who we are - Legend by Drake
Always hated the boy, but now the boy is the man Motherfucker, I done growed up - Worst Behavior by Drake
Your body language says it all Despite the things you said to me - Feel No Ways by Drake
[Verse 1: The Weeknd] - Crew Love by Drake (Ft. The Weeknd)
I took the price, and lift that bitch up I took the ice, let me lift my wrist up I took the price, and lift that bitch up I took the ice, let me lift my wrist up - No Frauds by Nicki Minaj, Drake & Lil Wayne
Guess every team doesn't come complete with niggas like ours - Stay Schemin' by Rick Ross (Ft. Drake & French Montana)
I can't do this on my own, ayy (No, ayy) Someone watchin' this shit close (Yep, close) - God's Plan by Drake
I brought the game to its knees I make too much these days to ever say, "Poor me" - Free Smoke by Drake
(Put a bib on me) (Put a bib on me) Rock me real slowly Put a bib on me I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you The things you do - Jungle by Drake
Girl, I had your back when all you used to do was front - U With Me? by Drake
Okay, made a million off a dinner fork, - All Me by Drake (Ft. 2 Chainz & Big Sean)
You gon' hype me up and make me catch a body like that - Headlines by Drake
They don’t want us to have a bigger pool than Kanye - Summer Sixteen by Drake
if I ain't the greatest, then I'm headed for it Yeah, that mean I'm way up (Way up) - 0 to 100 / The Catch Up by Drake
Pu—pu—pull up with that Draco (Huh?) Play with Drake and I'ma shoot (That's on my mama) - Look Alive by BlocBoy JB (Ft. Drake)
I need a one dance (Where, where, where) Got a Hennessy in my hand (Where, where, where, where) One more time 'fore I go (Where) Higher powers taking a hold on me (Where, where, where, where) I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me - One Dance by Drake (Ft. Kyla & Wizkid)
It's a slim chance I fall; Olive Oyl - I’m On One by DJ Khaled (Ft. Drake, Lil Wayne & Rick Ross)
Niggas caught me slippin' once, okay, so what? - Life Is Good by Future (Ft. Drake)
DC, OVO, we back again, we goin' plat' (Ooh, ooh) - Going Bad by Meek Mill (Ft. Drake)
[Produced by Noah "40" Shebib] - Wu-Tang Forever by Drake
I've been down so long, it look like up to me They look up to me I got fake people showin' fake love to me Straight up to my face, straight up to my face I've been down so long, it look like up to me They look up to me I got fake people showin' fake love to me Straight up to my face, straight up to my face - Fake Love by Drake
And my uncle callin' me, like, "Where you at? I gave you the keys, told you bring it right back” - Started from the Bottom by Drake
(An-an-an-an-anytime) You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it (And any place) And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want Poetic justice, put it in a song - Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (Ft. Drake)
(Worst) - 6 God by Drake
I know you heard that my girl is sponsored by Audemars That's why she always correctin' me when my time is off - U With Me? by Drake
I could probably make some stepsisters fuck each other - Truffle Butter by Nicki Minaj (Ft. Drake & Lil Wayne)
I-I-I-I can make your bed rock, girl - BedRock by Young Money (Ft. Lloyd)
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to somethin' They just spent like two or three weeks out the country Them boys up to somethin', they just not just bluffin' - Jumpman by Drake & Future
You love her, then you gotta give the world to her Is that a world tour or your girl's tour? I know that you gotta be a thug for her This ain't what she meant when she told you to open up more - Back To Back by Drake
But I know you need to get done, done, done, done If you come over - Work by Rihanna (Ft. Drake)
I used to wanna be on Roc-A-Fella then I turned into Jay - Summer Sixteen by Drake
And the hallway looking like a monastery, oh, yes I'm way up, I feel blessed - Blessings by Big Sean (Ft. Drake & Kanye West)
World's, world's, world's famous World's, world's, world's famous - Feel No Ways by Drake
Keep the work at my baby mama mama house I'm a jerk, you need to work, you need to call my spouse - Facts (Charlie Heat Version) by Kanye West
And the voice in your ear, that's me - Shot for Me by Drake
[Verse 1: Drake] - Energy by Drake
I hope my name taste like sardines to these niggas - Love Me by Lil Wayne (Ft. Drake & Future)
Can I hit it in the bathroom? Put your hands on the toilet I'll put one leg on the tub, girl This my new dance move, I just don't know what to call it But, bitch, you dancin' with the stars - Truffle Butter by Nicki Minaj (Ft. Drake & Lil Wayne)
I still got scores to settle, man - SICKO MODE by Travis Scott (Ft. Drake)
Daddy was in jail, we was talking through the window Like a motherfucking drive-thru - All Me by Drake (Ft. 2 Chainz & Big Sean)
She ain't got a man, but she's not alone Miss Independent, yeah, she got her own - BedRock by Young Money (Ft. Lloyd)
Yeah, remember you was livin' at The London for a month Service elevator up to 4201 We was still a secret, couldn't come in through the front - U With Me? by Drake
and listen to Cappadonna (Talk to 'em) - Tuscan Leather by Drake
Greystone, 20 bottles that's all me - Pop That by French Montana (Ft. Drake, Lil Wayne & Rick Ross)
It's like a lot of games bein' played How's it goin' down? If it's on 'til we gone, then I gots to know now Is you wit' me or what? Yeah It's like a lot of games are bein' played How's it goin' down? If it's on 'til we gone, then I gots to know now Is you wit' me or what? Yeah - U With Me? by Drake
This is one I know you hated when you heard it - Shot for Me by Drake
Light-skinned chick, first flight from Poland A whole lotta friends, first flight from Poland A whole lotta cash comin' straight from Poland - Crew Love by Drake (Ft. The Weeknd)
Me and Drizzy back-to-back, it's gettin' scary (Back-to-back) - Going Bad by Meek Mill (Ft. Drake)
TrapMoneyBenny, ayy - In My Feelings by Drake
Car's tinted like Barack - Pop That by French Montana (Ft. Drake, Lil Wayne & Rick Ross)
So what are you What are you, what are you so afraid of? Darling, you You give, but you cannot take love - From Time by Drake (Ft. Jhené Aiko)
and listen to Cappadonna (Talk to 'em) - Tuscan Leather by Drake
Hol' up, showing off some Agent Provocateur - Diced Pineapples by Rick Ross (Ft. Drake & Wale)
All she talkin' bout is, "Come and see me for once Come and see me for once You don't ever come to me, you don't ever come to me" All she ever say is, "Come and see me for once Come and see me for once You don't ever come to me, you don't ever come to me" - Come and See Me by PARTYNEXTDOOR (Ft. Drake)
The things I can't change are the reason you love me - Jungle by Drake
This ain't the son you raised who used to take the Acura - Worst Behavior by Drake
On the Eastside of the city, that's where everybody stay - The Motion by Drake (Ft. Sampha)
I gotta start sleepin' at the studio I don't have no time to be no Romeo - Do Not Disturb by Drake
I hit you up like "Do you wanna hang right now?" - Come and See Me by PARTYNEXTDOOR (Ft. Drake)
Open cases on me for a half a million each - Wu-Tang Forever by Drake
You dealin' with a few true villains who stand inside of the booth, truth-spillin' - Forever by Drake, Kanye West, Lil Wayne & Eminem
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much There's no need for us to rush it through Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much This is more than just a new lust for you - Too Much by Drake
I'm on a PJ lightin' it up, Backwood full of sticky, woo - Life Is Good by Future (Ft. Drake)
Somewhere between psychotic and iconic Somewhere between I want it and I got it Somewhere between I'm sober and I'm lifted Somewhere between a mistress and commitment - Furthest Thing by Drake
I'm so heartless, thoughtless, lawless, and flawless Smallest, regardless, largest in charge And born in New Orleans, get killed for Jordans - Truffle Butter by Nicki Minaj (Ft. Drake & Lil Wayne)
Might go down as G-O-D (Yeah, wait, yeah) - God's Plan by Drake
But either way you're still invited and I can't even lie to you - Come and See Me by PARTYNEXTDOOR (Ft. Drake)
Maybe I'm searchin' for the problems askin' what was said and who was involved Too focused on people's feedback and provin' 'em wrong - 0 to 100 / The Catch Up by Drake
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin' My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin' My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin' My head is spinnin' - Nonstop by Drake
Oh my God, oh my God, if I die, I'm a legend Oh my God, oh my God, if I die, I'm a legend - Legend by Drake
They throwin' dirt on my old name Only gets worse when you know things - Fire & Desire by Drake
Bitch, this is fame, not clout - Life Is Good by Future (Ft. Drake)
Problem is, I meet a girl tonight Then I go and treat her too nice Galleria credit card swipes I don't even know if she a wife - Chicago Freestyle by Drake & GIVĒON
Thank you, thanks, Drake, thanks baby Motherfuckers drunk and tired Tired, I'm tired, boss - Child's Play by Drake
Album droppin' soon, no wonder you turn to a clout chaser 'stead of doin' hard labor - THE HEART PART 6 by Drake
What the fuck is this bitch inhalin'? - No Frauds by Nicki Minaj, Drake & Lil Wayne
I'm your baby mama's screen saver - THE HEART PART 6 by Drake
I know I exaggerated things, now I got it like that - Headlines by Drake
[Outro Poem] - Headlines by Drake
Who is it that's got you all gassed up? (Yeah) Changin' your opinion on me - Feel No Ways by Drake
Say that we been beefin' dog, but you on your own - Walk It Talk It by Migos (Ft. Drake)
Listen Harder buildin' trust from a distance I think we should rule out commitment for now 'Cause we're fallin' apart - Passionfruit by Drake
I was high when I met her We was down in Tribeca - Father Stretch My Hands Pt. 1 by Kanye West (Ft. Kid Cudi)
Dealin' with a heart that I didn't break - Take Care by Drake (Ft. Rihanna)
Twenty on pump, whatever, I ain't got enough to fill it - Connect by Drake
Oh, Lord, who else soundin' like this? They ain't made me what I am, they just found me like this I was ready... fuck that, I been ready - 0 to 100 / The Catch Up by Drake
Bag her like we in Publix, and take her ass out in public - Stay Schemin' by Rick Ross (Ft. Drake & French Montana)
They throwin' dirt on my old name Only gets worse when you know things - Fire & Desire by Drake
It ain't a secret, baby, everybody saw us Guess whose it is? Guess whose it is? Guess whose it is? It's yours - Own It by Drake
But they're from the way fam, there's not much to say fam - R.I.C.O. by Meek Mill (Ft. Drake)
Lucky that you stayed on I need someone to put this weight on Fuck, I'm sorry - Marvins Room by Drake
Own it, own it, own it, own it Own it, own it, own it, own it Own it, own it, own it, own it Own it, own it, own it, I said Go own that shit, own that shit Own that shit, own that shit Go and own that shit, own that shit Own that shit, you own that shit, go and - Own It by Drake
Fuck going platinum, I look at my wrist and it's already platinum - The Language by Drake
I don't know what I would do without y'all - Love Me by Lil Wayne (Ft. Drake & Future)
Got a lot of blood and it's cold They keep tryna get me for my soul - I'm Upset by Drake
Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up! - Nonstop by Drake
